Can a +2 commerce student go abroad for doing BA?
How is the food at SRM Easwari College hostel?
Do I have to go to a college before I go to the University in Canada?
Would you dislike your private tutor if he or she resigned due to a heavy workload at university?
Can I take admission in US (UG) as a freshman next year if I will be attending 1st year UG in India this current year?
What will be the selection of colleges if I get 38,000 in JEXPO?
What are some minimalist wardrobe ideas for college going students?
Which is the most “happening” university in Indonesia for intellectually rigorous and confident conversations on weighty issues?
What was your journey from being an ordinary person to a brilliant programmer in college life?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What is the most significant moment in your life that would be completely insignificant to anyone else?
Which residence halls are NYU's oldest residence halls?
What is DIT Dehradun like?
How did you become stronger in mathematics?
What must an undergraduate pre-med student do to greatly strengthen his/her extracurriculars?
How is hostel life at NUST? Is it better to live in a private hostel?
What should I wear for a college function?
It is going to be my first year at KIIT. What luggage should I take with me?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
Which is a better college for a BBA, IBCS of SOA University or KSOM of KIIT University?
Which is cheaper, living in a dorm and paying less for college or living at home but pay for an expensive college?
Can a first year college student participate in the IOI?
Can I take up a job abroad and then study there again?
Which is the best university for psychology teachers, Columbia University in New York or University College in the UK?
Is there a semester-abroad program for students studying biotech at SASTRA University?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
Is making the dean's list in college a big deal?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
It takes forever for YouTube to load in our college at Delhi University. Which network provides the fastest data speed in our college?
Do you have pictures of your first day school?
Has anyone been shortlisted for DIAT 2017? What are your views about choosing this college?
Is St Mary's college in Hyderabad co-ed?
Where does the fee collected by colleges for re-examination go?
What is the best subject to study at a university to help me find a job abroad (USA or Western Europe) and immigrate?
What are the scholarships for MBBS graduates for pursuing their MD abroad?
What are some useful tips for students starting their first semester at UNLV?
Does applying earlier to college (in the US) help?
How do I apply for the Duff Hostel, Kolkata? And how good is it?
Is a 3.0 GPA in college bad?
Does Bakliwal have a hostel?
How are the hostel rooms, food and faculty at AIIMS as compared to engineering IITs?
Can the top colleges in Bangalore like RV, BMS, PES, and MSRIT help a student to develop his skills, or should a student follow their (college's) schedule?
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
What are the truths that you discover after graduating from college?
Is the university or college important to become rich or successful?
How are the hostels at M.S. Ramaiah Medical College? Are there curfews? Does anyone have a picture of their room?
What are your craziest campus stories?
What can you do take to make your college life more productive?
What will be the effect of GST on the life of a common Indian Student?
Is GMC, Mumbai overrated?
How is the career after doing hotel management from IHM PUSA? How is the student life and facilities provided to the students in the hostel?
What is campus relations incharge?
How do I deal with people who are telling me I can’t do something.
Is an internship necessary for studying a master’s in history abroad?
Are private universities in Georgia better than public universities?
How does going to a college change a person's life?
How good is mechanical at Saveetha College Thandalam?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Has anyone studied in St Agnes College, Mangalore, or is a student present?
IFMR is said to be very reliable in academic terms, but do they have a sports facility in the college?
What is it like to be an Ivy League graduate student?
How are IISER TVM Vithura campus’ hostel rooms?
What is it like studying as a international student at the university of Grenoble?
How is Chinmaya Naada Bindu different from other music colleges?
Can I study law at Harvard University without mathematics?
Does Lady Shri Ram College have prospects for sports?
Is it compulsory to take mess facility with hostel in NIT Jamshedpur for locals?
Has anyone ever transferred from UC Berkeley to UCLA successfully?
What are the pros and cons of hostel life at PSG Tech?
Do the renowned business schools in the US (like the Ivy League schools) prefer the applications of engineers more than those of the commerce graduates from India?
Where do Ivy League graduates end up living?
What are the things that I should carry for my first day at Christ University?
How do I find the motivation to study in the last semester?
What is the best network in St. Stephens's College?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
How is the ragging scenario at IIIT Bangalore?
Can we go outside Amrita University on weekends as hostellers?
What is the best advice you could give, in hindsight, to a college student to maximize the financial possibilities that you wish you would have done?
Is it possible to graduate from undergraduate college debt-free?
Can I get a respectful internship at NASA as a college student?
Which is the best girls hostel in Kolkata?
If your overall GPA is a B+ but your final is an A, would top colleges be okay with it?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
Is there any way to change your college for any other institution running under the UPTU for a BTech in CSE for a 4th semester passed student?
What is the worst phone experience you've had at the Manipal college of Dental Sciences?
Can I study in abroad in the Netherlands after my 10th class from India?
Did you against all odds get into an Ivy League school?
Is UCLA better than USC?
What is the ladies’ hostel like at ITER in Bhubaneswar?
How good is Sona College, Salem?
Were you unschooled and still ended up going to college?
Can I get into a CS course in a college if my GPA is low?
What do you think about those students who study MBA from small town colleges?
Does ragging take place in NITs, even in 2017?
For a college student, what are some tips for success?
Is 18 credits too much for my 1st semester of college?
What is your review of International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar (IIIT Bh)?
What happens if you report bullies in college? What does the school do to take action?
Does Christ college gives lot of assignments after college for MBA students? Do they give them everyday? How much time does it take to complete them?
How do I get over tough times and the burden of the two most important and difficult courses in college?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What should I do in the summer vacations of my 1st year in college?
What was your college major? Did you enjoy it?
What is the best time table of each day in summer vacation for a college student?
Is there a hostel facility available at Semi-Conductor Laboratory for those students who get a chance to pursue their projects there?
How is Pana PU college, Mangalore?
How is De Montfort University for an M.Sc in mechanical engineering?
Can I take a cooler and a TV in my hostel room at NITT?
Which college is the best dual degree colleges in the world?
How was the first day at medical college?
Are there any scholarships abroad for Indian students of the class X CBSE?
As an Indian CA, which foreign colleges will be best for an MBA?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
Is ragging really necessary for senior-junior interaction? Aren't there any alternatives other than ragging for "interaction"?
Who do you think is/was the most popular guy of your college and how would you explain his popularity?
What would you choose between an Ivy League college or some not-so-bad private college in India, considering the cost and everything?
What is your hostel experience like at St. Stephens, Delhi?
Why do Arabian universities teach coding on a paper?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
What is the worst college campus for SJW's? Where do they have the most power?
Are there any other scholarships like the Charpak Scholarship for Indian undergraduate students?
Is it good studing MBBS in abroad?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What is your opinion about hostel life?
What sort of crisis is Walchand College of Engineering going through?
What are some do's and dont's when making a college application?
What constructive things can we learn in the holidays between the school and college which will be helpful in the long run?
How is Seshadripuram Composite PU College in Bangalore?
Is taking three college science classes difficult?
Should I transfer to another university in another city if my current university doesn't meet my expectations?
How is Seth GS Medical College in Mumbai? How would you rate the faculty, hostel facilities, and campus life?
How are medical colleges in the Caribbean?
How is the gym at IHM Pusa?
Is it better to study abroad or in Vietnam?
Is Emerson College or the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism better to attend?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
What exactly do I have to do to study in the USA? Is it only my SAT examination or is there anything beyond that which should be considered?
Can anybody assist me with an application to study abroad?
Where are some pics of the IGRUA hostel rooms and campus available?
How do I get a civil engineering job for the time being, while preparing to go for higher studies abroad?
How long do you have to study daily on average as a mathematics student at an Ivy League university?
Why do professors insist on having an exam on an exact day at an exact time?
How does International Affiliations of colleges help the students?
When do Harvard students (including graduating seniors) move out of dorms?
Is it better to take a gap year or get into college and prepare for the 2018 JEE simultaneously? My parents don’t want me to take a gap year.
Should I go straight into law school after undergrad or take about a year or two off to get some work experience and volunteer work done?
Is it better to study MBBS abroad or in one's own country?
What do colleges like NYU, Cornell and Northwestern look for in transfer students? Is it easier to get in as a freshman or as a transfer?
Is it worth being in a six figure debt to study abroad?
Where did you go for foreign exchange, and why would you recommend that I go there?
What is the scope in BBA after college? In this field, dies college matter in placement? Is it good to get a high placement abroad for post graduation?
Where do students hangout the most in Kochi?
Where will five-star La Lumiere (Ind.) wing Brian Bowen go to college next?
Where are the safest areas to live near Johns Hopkins for a graduate student?
Where can I find people to do my university assignments?
What are kids fresh out of college doing?
How was/is your hostel life as a boy?
What are the advantages of going to a newer university?
Why should I move to Canada to attend university?
What are the events to be conducted in college?
Is it worth trying to get a job in your hometown just 2 months before you move away to college?
How can I write a leave application for college?
Does Ragging happen in AIIMS?
Which is better at the undergrad level, media studies from India or abroad?
Do your relationships from your college days matter so much in the future?
Is AAFT College good for design​?
What are the pros and cons of staying on campus in college?
Are rooms available for students in Lalpur?
Is it advisable to return to India after completing Bachelors from abroad?
What should be my choice stream in college so that it's beneficial in the next four years?
What colleges accept ACE credit?
Are the University of Washington students happy?
What is it like for a college student to suddenly realize he is a tech billionaire? How does their behavior change?
What are the facilities at IIHM hostel? Could you please send a picture?
Is studying worth/valuable in Malaysia than compared to India?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
What are the feelings about studying abroad in China?
Is it still worth studying Economics, when the entire world is shifting towards Computer Science and AI?
Are mobiles allowed in Kalasalingam University hostels?
Does Christ Junior College teach French from the start?
Should I change my course and college?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
How do I apply in Gujrat colleges?
Should I stay in university or go to a community college?
Did your college studies helped you in your journey to success?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
What are some combinations of college majors for the future?
How is campus life at Calcutta Medical College?
How can a student enjoy his student life?
How difficult is it to transfer to an Ivy from a CC?
Is ragging still prevalent in government medical colleges?
Should I choose a local college over a prestigious college because my parents believe that I won't be able to survive hostel life?
What is the youngest age that someone can go to college?
How is Patkar College?
Can I transfer to a new school for my final semester?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Why are so many Indian students going abroad for their higher education?
Which is the better place to study abroad: Malaysia or India?
What is a student exchange?
What kind of reputation does NY’s Dominican College have?
Is it a bad sign if I'm already dreading attending college at UC Berkeley?
Should I go to America for an exchange program?
How can I go to college in the UK, as an undergrad?
What was your worst phone experience in Andhra University?
Should I attend UCSB or University of Washington for humanities?
What is a tight end in college football?
When should we report to KIIT if our first year classes start on July 19th?
Which college in Mumbai would be the best to apply to for journalism (undergrad) if I am keen on going abroad and settling there for my post-grad?
Should a middle class boy go to study abroad?
Which country is better for study abroad among France, Germany and Switzerland?
Would working in an NGO look good on my college applications?
I'm unhappy at a women's college. Should I stick it out?
In Patna University, is transferring from one college to another allowed?
Which is better for a first-year student at RVCE - living in the hostel or a PG?
What is the hostel allotment process at CUSAT for other state candidates in their 1st year?
How should I explain why I took a gap year after 12th?
What is the college criteria for applying to a foreign university?
I am terrified of taking a class at the university I attend. Should I take the class at a community college instead?
How good is ISBF hostel?
Can I join an LLB course at another college after completing a BBA?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Is it worth going abroad for a masters degree after graduating in English?
What are the colleges that provide scholarships in AP based on the PGECET?
Are colleges like RV, PES, MSRIT, or BMS helpful in developing a student's skills, or must a student follow what is said in the college and schedule?
Who has been the worst student in all the college courses you've ever taken?
What is the IIT's reputation like abroad?
What did Tom Morello study at college?
What is it like to study in a co-ed school?
Can I join the rangers, and go to college, at the same time?
What could be the things that I might have to keep in mind while forming a Bhangra society in college?
Does IISER Mohali give one room for one student during a BSMS course or do students need to share their room with other student as well?
What is the cutoff for Easwari College?
What are the most important skills to have in college life?
Should you break up with a girlfriend/boyfriend solely because of beginning college?
As a college student, what steps should I take to begin investing?
What is the typical day routine of a student at XLRI-J?
What is life like in IITs?
Can foreign exchange high school students in the USA go to college/university later?
Should I opt for a single or a shared room in my engineering college hostel?
What are some of the most unforgettable experiences at college?
Why is the first day at ALLEN Kota held on a Sunday?
What questions should I ask the college professors?
Everybody in my class is just so cringe-worthy. How can you have fun by yourself in a class?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
Are there any types of ragging cases at the JECRC college?
What is the true meaning of study in our college?
How is life at DMCH?
Does anyone get to know that you are a management quota student in Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune?
What is dorm life like at IIM-A?
Is New Horizon College fun?
What are some of the most useful college majors that don't have to do with math/science?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
If I am sure about taking a program from the community college, should I do the prerequisites/generals in a 4-year university or do them at college?
Does anybody inquire for caste reserved students in college?
How can I possibly hope to succeed in college given that my personality is very unorganized?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
Which IIT campus has the best hostel facilities?
How is your college life?
How do I get an international student loan in Malaysia for studying abroad?
Is it possible to transfer credits from an MSCS at SDSU to an MSSE at SJSU after the first semester?
How do I sell my books in College Street, Kolkata?
If a stellar student is accepted at an Ivy League school but parents will not contribute their portion, will the school give more aid to the student?
What is the best part about going to college in Denver?
How is life at VIT Chennai?
Why were The Deane Twins, Brittany Deane and Briana Deane fired from Sweetbriar College?
Should I go to college just because I want people to be proud of me or look at me in a certain way even though I really don't have a desire to go?
How do I visit colleges far away?
What is different about Ravenshaw University?
Is someone who is on antidepressants for two years really fit for college?
What is the best thing about hostels in IISc?
How many Ivy League graduates graduated from their top elite university maybe a decade ago, and are super wealthy today?
How can one use the Internet in an NSIT hostel during the first year?
How had been your experience of travelling to a foreign country for the first time for college (specifically USA)?
What are the options after doing a BCA in India? I want to do a postgraduate abroad.
Is Bangalore Institute of Technology a good college in terms of placement, opportunities, and campus? What are some examples of jobs offered, packages, and campus details?
Dropping out of college or Continue?
Which company gives the fastest data in NIT, Durgapur?
If I'm staying in GNITS’ hostel, can I go off campus after college?
Why is it so easy to isolate yourself at college?
How are the reviews of CollegeDekho’s support of students?
Should I attend TCNJ for engineering?
What was life like as an international student in the late 1900s in the USA?
What is the procedure for get hostel facilities within the campus?
Should it be okay for college professors to use a textbook that they wrote (in a conflict of interest sense)?
Does your UG Engineering college matter for your PG abroad?
Which is the better college, SASTRA or RVC?
How do I join a law college after completing the 12th standard?
Which is the best college in Erode?
Are there any universities where students use virtual money for buying stuff around their campus? How does the system work?
Does every college student feel that he got admission to a bad college?
What do you think university students should do during their summer vacation?
When can we start college transfer application?
Is internal sliding possible after first year in NIT Puducherry?
How should an engineering student spend his/her semester break?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
How do I improve my chances of getting a transfer from a community college to UCLA or UCB as a math major?
Whats the maximum amount of AP credit that can transfer to colleges?
What is the dorm life like at Manipal University?
How can you become a millionaire during your college days?
Is all knowledge and experience in college obtainable somewhere else?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Where can I find pictures of the girls’ hostel rooms at Birla Global University Bhubaneswar?
Is the verification of my convocation certificate from Mumbai University compulsory if I want to go abroad?
Is KMIT a good college for EIE?
What should I do this summer to improve my college application/fight boredom?
Is it advisable to transfer huge fees to university before gaining visa?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Should I study abroad after my B.Com programme from Delhi University (regular)?
Can I change my final year project name after having submitted it to my college?
How are the hostel facilities and faculty in MSRUAS?
I've got mechanical at VIT Chennai. How's it to be a mechanical student at VIT? Also, do people from different branches interact?
What are the best tech tools for campus life?
Is being on the fit team worth it for college applications?
How can I an Indian study in a university abroad?
Do PG students get a single room in PEC?
Is a college responsible to inform students about exams?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
How do I make money when I'm only 17 if I'm going to college?
What are the college timings in PSG’s engineering college?
Is it a mistake not to go to a university?
Which is the top culinary college?
How much will you rate your happiness level for studying in India?
Will a university still accept me, if I failed a community college course?
What is it like to go to a university in Canada, as an American?
Does participating in many clubs have more weight in college applications than, say, two sports?
Does being able to pay for college increase my acceptance chances?
How is the first day of Medical College?
I have been admitted to a University but haven't started yet. Should or shouldn't I use my university's name on a paper as my affiliation?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a HTML5 AngularJS website template for a startup e-commerce app?
What's a summer session in a university?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
How is Indian student life in Italy. Are there vacancies?
What is the list of things we need when I am joining a hostel?
How can I study in a hostel if I am sharing my room with 2 other girls?
How do I decide which major I should take in college?
What is scarier- phone not reachable when you're in an isolated place or 48 missed calls from mom?
Does redoing a class to boost your GPA affect chances at an Ivy League?
Is Amsterdam anything like the first 10 minutes of the film Hostel (like before they get tortured)?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
Can we use phones in the Pala Brilliant Study Centre and hostel?
What amount of scholarship can a student expect in PESSAT Bangalore College?
Is it possible to complete a 3-2 engineer program (at Columbia University) while studying economics at your home institution?
What's the best breakfast for an Indian student who have to catch a train at 6am everyday to college?
Is it okay to politely walk out of a seminar or lecture at a university?
Can a student who just graduated out of college appear for Google Kickstart?
How's Changa University?
What is the experience of students studying for a BSc in St. Ann's College, Hyderabad?
I have no interest in my college studies. Should I drop my college?
What will you do if your parents refuse to pay your college first semester fees until you tell your weight and bring it down to their target level?
Is it natural to get turned on when teaching girls in college?
What is your review of Reliance Education's VFX, animation and other small courses?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Do you want to study medical from abroad?
Do colleges allow internship in the first year of college (undergrad)?
When does one become famous in your college life?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are the differences between college life and corporate life?
Should college education be free?
What is some website that helps you get recruited by college coaches?
What are some good colleges in India and abroad for studying Masters in Digital Media?
Is it worth it to work while in college or should I wait until I graduate?
How can a CA go to Harvard University?
Is going to college immediately after high school the only option?
What was your favorite part of college?
For those who went to the same college as their sibling (the ones close in age, like maybe one year), did you stay in the same dorm as your sibling?
What are all the possible college majors?
Is it possible to migrate from Delhi (IP University) to a college in Nagpur without dropping a year?
Is education really that important for employment in a society in which the majority of people go to college? Isn't work experience more valuable?
Where did Russ Cox go to undergrad?
As a Moroccan student studying for a Master’s in Cybersecurity and interested in doing research abroad in Cryptography, of what can you advise me?
Nearly all of my sisters have gone abroad, but I may not go abroad because of my major. My family often compares me to them. I am lost. What can I do?
Is it possible to skip freshman year at MIT?
What is student life like at UCSB?
Do undergraduate students’ rooms have air conditioners in the UCMS Boys Hostel?
What universities are the best ones for web-designer/developers?
What are the things I need to carry to the GITAM hostel?
Does anyone think they have done graduation with the wrong major?
Is it okay for me to change my group at CMR Technical Campus after my first year?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
Which college should one choose for a BBA/BMS - Mount Carmel College or H. R. College of Commerce and Economics?
Do you have any tips for a future freshman?
What is the easiest and economical way to go abroad?
What is the best phone experience you've had at Shri Ram College of Commerce?
What things do people often put on college applications that completely torpedo their chances of getting in?
How is life like in an American university or college?
Which colleges are the best fits for me?
What are some crazy stories from student life at KIIT?
Which accommodation is better for an international postgraduate student in the UK?
Are you interested in majoring in any of the STEM subjects in college?
What should I do with my creepy neighbor?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
What advice would UCLA alumni give to an incoming freshman?
What inspired you to join the AFMC? Was it your first choice?
What do you guys think of the extreme PC sweeping across our nation with these college students and so on?
How are the IIHM colleges?
Is full fee reimbursement available in Muffakham Jah College?
How do I figure out what I want to go to college for?
What is the standard of DAV (PG) College in terms of studying at BHU? Does it provide a hostel facility also? How does it differ from BHU main campus?
How is a girl’s life in Lady Hardinge College Hostel?
Which is the best college for doing MMS?
Would you consider going to college to be a doctor a waste of time even if you might actually become successful one day?
Does ragging happen in Mumbai colleges?
How is the quality of life for undergrad students at Stanford?
Is it really difficult for Chinese junior college students to have a good future?
How do I start college with no money and no job?
Which is the best college in Tiruppur?
Is every college big?
What are the procedures to transfer from one college to another (autonomous) when they belong to different universities in Tamil Nadu?
How is student life in Singapore and can they work besides studying?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
What is similarity private and state university?
Pronoy Bhat has done UG studies from which college?
Why would a girl with a 4.6 GPA and a 36 ACT, who plays elite soccer and is never in trouble, be rejected by Ivy League schools?
What can you tell me about Nalsar University?
Which is best for doing Engineering, SVCE or Brindavan College?
How do you write a college acceptance letter?
What are some suggestions for dealing with psoriasis as a college student?
Will a 22 year old boy joining as a first year student be ragged at AFMC just like the others? What does the ragging include?
As a college professor, you ask a student causing a disturbance in the class to go out, but they defy you. How do you deal with such a situation?
Is the PUC degree recognised abroad? I.e., Can one go abroad for further studies if he's doing a PUC (for UG)?
Which is the best PU college in Dakshina Kannada?
Since the dawn of the information age, has the inequity between the salaries offered amongst Ivy League and normal schools narrowed?
How much time did you spend traveling to reach your college/university? Is two hours to reach and two hours to come back too much?
How do I market a product to the average college student?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
We must stop going to college. We should start studying online. Am I right?
Where can I find some CMI hostel & room pictures?
What kind of benefits does the current account offer to its customers?
What is it like to be an Indian undergrad in the UK?
Should I choose an all-freshman dorm?
How is life after UC Berkeley?
How big of a roll does the name of a college play in placements? Is it necessary to get admitted to a college that requires a large amount of fees?
How should I raise $70000 to study at NYU?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
What was your experience when your child started college?
Is a hostel stay mandatory for everyone at Ashoka University? I live just 30 minutes away and I don't want to stay in a hostel?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
Is there a site where I can read college essays from students? Not admissions but papers they must turn in for class.
Why do Cambridge and Oxford universities have multiple colleges?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What was your worst phone experience in Ganpat University?
Would there be any merits (college application-wise) to me teaching a music class to the younger students at my school?
How many first year students who are not from Karnataka are opting for the hostel in RVCE?
How are the military engineering services colleges?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
Can I study abroad after my 10th grade in India?
Should I just work on campus or apply for a regular job?
Can I quit my college after 1st year and go to different college starting from 1st year again if I am getting a better one?
Are there any scholarships for art students in India for studying abroad?
Isn't it difficult to travel abroad for studies?
What is the best way to stay connected on campus?
What's it like studying in Germany as a foreign student?
Can you submit community college transcripts for freshman college admission?
Is there any chance that we can do MS from elite colleges after taking a drop of one year after graduation?
Do the students of NYU have free access to the university gym?
Which college has good placements, KMIT, SNIST or MGIT?
How is SLS Hyderabad?
I really want to go to KMC Manipal but my family cannot afford it. Should I take a loan or go to a more affordable medical college?
Which is the best college for hacking?
What is the fastest/most efficient way to fill in the bubbles on a Scantron?
Can I include extracurricular activities and achievements that were done after completing high school on a college application?
Does Maitreyi College offer a BTech course?
What College Majors would one have to partake through in order to become a lawyer?
How hard is it to manage working and going to college full/part-time?
Which college is better, UCD or ISU?
In what ways is the social scene in college different than the social scene in high school?
What is the best way to travel around campus?
What is the worst phone experience you've had in Kurukshetra University?
Which is a more expensive college for a BTech in food tech: TNAU or Sathyabama?
I learned in college that defecation from fear during battle was common. How common was it?
What is life like at IHM Bhubaneswar?
Do MAMC hostels have AC for MBBS students?
How hard will it be for me to get into Barnard College?
If one wants to try doing business (but have a back-up profession), is engineering with management (at a top British university) worth it or unnecessary?
What is the best type of private loan for a poor adult to take out to go back to college in the US?
Should I pursue my aspiration to study abroad in the UK?
What university do you want to go to?
How is SVIMS college for management?
For well-rounded students who win 1st Place at Intel ISEF, how does college admissions go? Is it easier?
What are the benefits of studying at the University of Texas at Tyler?
Which NUS dorm is most recommended for international freshman?
How is the BIMTECH girls hostel?
I'm taking a gap year after I finish A-Levels. What can I do in this time to improve my university application?
Should I join the family business or go abroad for a masters in management?
I'm starting college this year and I'll be majoring in Chinese and English. How can I get ready for those two majors over the summer?
Is UC Berkeley a good school for a pre-med track?
How is college life at WVU Tech?
What should I do if I took a month off college and need to explain it now?
What is the best thing which you can do in a study break?
Is living in a university dorm in the UK a horrible experience?
Can I do CA with regular CA college?
Where is a good place to live in Boston to get away from partying college kids and is decently priced?
Which scholarships are exam based for studying abroad? Can you name a few?
What is student life like at the University of Washington?
Which banks in India provide undergraduate diploma loans for studying abroad?
How is the NVM engineering college?
How is it like to live in-residence at the University of New Brunswick? Do you recommend any particular residence?
If I want to study abroad for MBBS which is the best country?
When will KIIT notify me about the commencement of the classes and hostel accommodation?
Why do serving IAS, IPS go for higher studies abroad?
Why do people pay for college?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
Is a college degree necessary in exponential times?
How is the attendance scene at HR College Mumbai?
How is being a freshman in college different from being a freshman in highschool?
How is the MGIT College in Gandipet?
Is it possible that a university will not reply to applicants?
What is harder between finance and economics?
How is life as a CSA on a campus?
How hard is GA Tech?
What are some crazy stories about student life at the IIIT?
How are the hostel rooms of MMMUT?
Do you miss college?
How often do you attend M.com classes of Delhi University? Is the attendance necessary to maintain?
How can I get a scholarship to study an MBA abroad?
How is life at the University of Hyderabad campus for an integrated MA student?
Why do you want a career as a study abroad advisor?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
What is Welbeck Defense Sixth Form College like?
What is it like to be a rich college student?
What are some opinions of Launceston Matriculation College?
What are the pros and cons of each freshman dorm at Carnegie Mellon (especially morewood e tower and donner)?
Does St. Stephen's College decide its cutoff based on the performance of the students that have applied?
When do MIT students move out of dorms?
How many days is college in the UK?
Can we have air coolers in the hostel rooms of Amrita’s engineering college?
While being an international student in America, did you feel any pressure because your English wasn't very "American"?
What are your reviews/opinions on Humber College?
What are some non-STEM related summer opportunities for high school students?
Can I do my CPT with regular going to college?
How do I get a scholarship?
Is NLUO good in terms of placements and college life or should I take SLS Pune?
How is Bennett University’s campus?
How can I start doing decent projects along with my college studies to ultimately have a good profile to apply for good internships?
What should I do if not all of my credits from my community college are fully transfered to my new university?
Why doesn't Ashoka University have a crest like Ivy League colleges?
How did your classmates react when you got the highest grade?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What was it like being an American woman who wanted or did go to college in the early 1960s?
What can I do about my stuttering situation as an RA?
What language should I learn my last two years of college?
Is it possible to have a social life and live off campus in college?
Should I still go to college if I'm engaged to a surgeon?
What does a college want to see, three years of high school student government treasurer, or treasurer for two years and president for senior year?
How can I make myself a good candidate for an Ivy League school as a CC transfer?
How is St. Mira’s College for Girls, Pune?
How tough is it to migrate from one college to other in DU after completion of first year?
Is being a staff member of the supreme student council at our university, helpful for my college application? We organize university-wide activities and other things.
How is the RCC Institute of information technology? Can I get a good, budget hostel with a mess hall near the college?
Which are the scholarships available to Indian students for studying law abroad?
I'm considering dropping out of college. What should I do?
What are the pros and cons of Maharani College, Jaipur?
Is Sha Shib College good?
What are the best-designed hostel rooms in NIT Trichy? Where do I find pictures of such?
Which university has the biggest area under its campus?
Has there ever been a case where an impoverished student was thwarted from attending an Ivy League school because he or she couldn't pay the application fee?
I am going to participate in an early college program next year. My GPA is 3.6 but I still don't think I'm good enough. How hard are college classes?
How is the ISM college of Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan for Indian students?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of doing an MBA abroad? (I am Indian.)
Does GLC Mumbai have a good college life?
What are the hostels and campus of KGMU like? Are there any AC rooms?
Which residence hall is the best for McGill freshman?
What was the worst part of your college life?
Do college dropouts need a transfer certificate for joining a different course in a different college?
If you could go to any college in the United States, which one would you attend?
What should a wannabe logician take in university undergraduate?
How common is it for Americans to work while they are studying in college?
Should I transfer from Western to U of T to study math?
Should I practice my art before going to college?
How is the P.G. girl’s hostel in JJMMC, Devangere?
Can I change NITC to any other government engineering college in Kerala directly in my second year?
What will happen if I get into another college after my UCAS application?
What could cause an INTJ to do badly in college?
How does one get a year back in PU or colleges affiliated to PU?
What are the scholarships available for studying abroad from India?
What are the reasons you like (or don't like) Velammal?
Can a +2 commerce student go abroad for doing BA?
What is the hardest/easiest college math basic?
How is the food at SRM Easwari College hostel?
Do I have to go to a college before I go to the University in Canada?
Would you dislike your private tutor if he or she resigned due to a heavy workload at university?
Can I take admission in US (UG) as a freshman next year if I will be attending 1st year UG in India this current year?
What will be the selection of colleges if I get 38,000 in JEXPO?
What are some minimalist wardrobe ideas for college going students?
Which is the most “happening” university in Indonesia for intellectually rigorous and confident conversations on weighty issues?
What was your journey from being an ordinary person to a brilliant programmer in college life?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What is the most significant moment in your life that would be completely insignificant to anyone else?
Which residence halls are NYU's oldest residence halls?
What does the MIT fraternity tEp lose out on from not being on the Red Line?
What is DIT Dehradun like?
I want to open a cultural club in my college. What steps should I take?
How did you become stronger in mathematics?
What do Ethiopians say about Goldsmith University?
What must an undergraduate pre-med student do to greatly strengthen his/her extracurriculars?
How is hostel life at NUST? Is it better to live in a private hostel?
What should I wear for a college function?
It is going to be my first year at KIIT. What luggage should I take with me?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
Which is a better college for a BBA, IBCS of SOA University or KSOM of KIIT University?
Which is cheaper, living in a dorm and paying less for college or living at home but pay for an expensive college?
Can a first year college student participate in the IOI?
Can I take up a job abroad and then study there again?
Which is the best university for psychology teachers, Columbia University in New York or University College in the UK?
How can I stop feeling so confused?
What's your best study method at college/university?
Is it worthwhile to go abroad and study and then practise in Mumbai?
Is the Mechano-Informatics department of the University Of Tokyo an undergraduate course, and if yes, is it a robotics oriented career?
Should I drop out of college to become a pro boxer?
Did you find non-credit language courses at a community college to be benificial?
Is there a semester-abroad program for students studying biotech at SASTRA University?
How is BMSCE Bangalore in terms of placements, studies, atmosphere, personality development, and everything about the college?
If I score badly in my first year in DU (say college A), can I withdraw from A to repeat the year in another DU college B?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
Is making the dean's list in college a big deal?
Should we pay donations and fees every year for architecture college?
What is the best place to hide contraband (say an iPad) in a dorm room during an unanticipated (you have half an hour only) room inspection?
What should I do if university spoiled my life?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
It takes forever for YouTube to load in our college at Delhi University. Which network provides the fastest data speed in our college?
Do you have pictures of your first day school?
Is it possible to live on-campus while studying all or most courses virtually?
What if I went to college but withdrew with a low GPA, but now I want to go back?
What are the advantages of going abroad for a schoolyear?
Has anyone been shortlisted for DIAT 2017? What are your views about choosing this college?
Which are some decent engineering colleges in India that give admission through the management quota? (Read description.)
Who is responsible for making the course syllabus and credits at various colleges?
Is that true that the Delhi University members who will check our papers will easily give us the marks because it is our last year?
Is St Mary's college in Hyderabad co-ed?
Should I drop out of college and become a full-time freelancer?
Where does the fee collected by colleges for re-examination go?
What is the best subject to study at a university to help me find a job abroad (USA or Western Europe) and immigrate?
What are the scholarships for MBBS graduates for pursuing their MD abroad?
How do you take a gap year before UC Berkeley?
Is it possible for first year SRM students to stay outside the hostel? How will I find roommates, and would it be cheaper than the hostel?
What are some of your best frat party stories?
What are some useful tips for students starting their first semester at UNLV?
Does applying earlier to college (in the US) help?
What are the benefits for a college to stay linked with a university?
Is Northwest Suburban College genuine?
How do I apply for the Duff Hostel, Kolkata? And how good is it?
Is a 3.0 GPA in college bad?
What would happen if I missed my first semester Calicut University exam?
Does Bakliwal have a hostel?
Do Punjabi's think that if you fail to go abroad, then you are unsuccessful?
How would you explain co-induction to your average college student?
What are disadvantages for gap year students in DU?
How are the hostel rooms, food and faculty at AIIMS as compared to engineering IITs?
How do underage Americans manage to get alcohol for their college parties, and not get caught?
What are the college facilities for RMSIT?
Can the top colleges in Bangalore like RV, BMS, PES, and MSRIT help a student to develop his skills, or should a student follow their (college's) schedule?
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
Why is GITAM starting college so early, on 14th June? When will the first holiday season be?
Is there a way F-1 students can take a 4 credit online class & have the credits transferred over during a summer semester if it's the graduating sem.?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
What are the truths that you discover after graduating from college?
Which is the best hostel in Hyderabad?
How is the hostel facility at Amity at the Bangalore campus?
Is the university or college important to become rich or successful?
How are the hostels at M.S. Ramaiah Medical College? Are there curfews? Does anyone have a picture of their room?
What are your craziest campus stories?
What are some easy cooking recipes that you used in college?
How do I make the most out of my final year in University​?
Will failing a general education class in my freshman year hurt me in the long run?
What can you do take to make your college life more productive?
What will be the effect of GST on the life of a common Indian Student?
Is GMC, Mumbai overrated?
How is the career after doing hotel management from IHM PUSA? How is the student life and facilities provided to the students in the hostel?
What is campus relations incharge?
How do I deal with people who are telling me I can’t do something.
Is an internship necessary for studying a master’s in history abroad?
Why do colleges force students to take Gender Studies courses?
Are private universities in Georgia better than public universities?
How does going to a college change a person's life?
Is going to college in the US and starting your life in deep debt really worth it? Should I go to college in Europe?
How good is mechanical at Saveetha College Thandalam?
What are the differences in opportunities and life at Washington University in St. Louis when compared to the Ivy League schools?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Has anyone studied in St Agnes College, Mangalore, or is a student present?
What is the prerequsite knowledge that a student must have before joining the Shailesh J Mehta School of Management?
IFMR is said to be very reliable in academic terms, but do they have a sports facility in the college?
What is it like to be an Ivy League graduate student?
How are IISER TVM Vithura campus’ hostel rooms?
What is it like studying as a international student at the university of Grenoble?
How is Chinmaya Naada Bindu different from other music colleges?
Can I study law at Harvard University without mathematics?
Does Lady Shri Ram College have prospects for sports?
What are outside-college opportunities in Jaipur?
Is it compulsory to take mess facility with hostel in NIT Jamshedpur for locals?
According to Atul Roy, what are the mistakes that a 1st year college student should avoid while preparing for CSE?
Has anyone ever transferred from UC Berkeley to UCLA successfully?
What are the pros and cons of hostel life at PSG Tech?
Do the renowned business schools in the US (like the Ivy League schools) prefer the applications of engineers more than those of the commerce graduates from India?
Where do Ivy League graduates end up living?
What are the things that I should carry for my first day at Christ University?
How do I find the motivation to study in the last semester?
What is the study of music like at Middlesex University?
Where can I volunteer abroad in Honduras as a PreMedical Student or PreNurse Student?
What are some best engineering branches to choose for introverts?
What is the best network in St. Stephens's College?
Can anyone study at college and also earn a living for oneself in India without their parents' support?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
What is stopping you from pursuing your dream to study abroad, especially in the USA? Are there any questions you would like to see answered?
How is the ragging scenario at IIIT Bangalore?
Can we go outside Amrita University on weekends as hostellers?
What is the best advice you could give, in hindsight, to a college student to maximize the financial possibilities that you wish you would have done?
Is it possible to graduate from undergraduate college debt-free?
Can I get a respectful internship at NASA as a college student?
Which is the best girls hostel in Kolkata?
Is a TC (transfer certificate) from college important for applying for a job abroad?
If your overall GPA is a B+ but your final is an A, would top colleges be okay with it?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How did your life change after studying in North Campus, Delhi University?
Is there any way to change your college for any other institution running under the UPTU for a BTech in CSE for a 4th semester passed student?
What is the worst phone experience you've had at the Manipal college of Dental Sciences?
Can I study in abroad in the Netherlands after my 10th class from India?
I am 21 and have only just started attending college. I recently got my GED and got accepted into college with good scores. Is it okay to be this late?
Did you against all odds get into an Ivy League school?
Is UCLA better than USC?
What is the ladies’ hostel like at ITER in Bhubaneswar?
How good is Sona College, Salem?
What have English majors at UCSB done after graduating?
Were you unschooled and still ended up going to college?
Can I get into a CS course in a college if my GPA is low?
What do you think about those students who study MBA from small town colleges?
Does ragging take place in NITs, even in 2017?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
For a college student, what are some tips for success?
Is 18 credits too much for my 1st semester of college?
What is it like to study at Innopolis University as a foreign student?
What is your review of International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar (IIIT Bh)?
Is college way too expensive today?
Is post graduate PG enough for teaching in college?
What happens if you report bullies in college? What does the school do to take action?
Does Christ college gives lot of assignments after college for MBA students? Do they give them everyday? How much time does it take to complete them?
How do I get over tough times and the burden of the two most important and difficult courses in college?
Can Cambridge students study in libraries not of their own college on a regular basis?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What should I do in the summer vacations of my 1st year in college?
What was your college major? Did you enjoy it?
Do college applicants for prestigious universities stay the same each year?
What is the best time table of each day in summer vacation for a college student?
Is there a hostel facility available at Semi-Conductor Laboratory for those students who get a chance to pursue their projects there?
How is Pana PU college, Mangalore?
What's the best masters degree to do after u have completed BCom+acca?
How is Mahesh PU College in Nagarbhavi?
How is De Montfort University for an M.Sc in mechanical engineering?
Can I take a cooler and a TV in my hostel room at NITT?
Which college is the best dual degree colleges in the world?
How was the first day at medical college?
Are there any scholarships abroad for Indian students of the class X CBSE?
As an Indian CA, which foreign colleges will be best for an MBA?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
Is ragging really necessary for senior-junior interaction? Aren't there any alternatives other than ragging for "interaction"?
Who do you think is/was the most popular guy of your college and how would you explain his popularity?
What would you choose between an Ivy League college or some not-so-bad private college in India, considering the cost and everything?
What is your hostel experience like at St. Stephens, Delhi?
Why do Arabian universities teach coding on a paper?
Which college should I attend after 10th?
What do I need to do to please college recruiters?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
What is the worst college campus for SJW's? Where do they have the most power?
Why do I like eating too much?
When does spring break start for college students?
How is life at the KIIT campus?
What should one do if they feel really stupid and dream to be a physicist and scientist?
Are there any other scholarships like the Charpak Scholarship for Indian undergraduate students?
Will my college rescind my admission?
Is it good studing MBBS in abroad?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What is your opinion about hostel life?
Can service members attend religious colleges for free?
What sort of crisis is Walchand College of Engineering going through?
What are some do's and dont's when making a college application?
As I was suffering from depression, I had to drop out from college. I passed high school in 2012. Can I join any college as a freshman for physics?
What are the qualities of best hostel warden for school?
What constructive things can we learn in the holidays between the school and college which will be helpful in the long run?
What are the easiest subjects to take in the first year of college?
How is Seshadripuram Composite PU College in Bangalore?
Is taking three college science classes difficult?
Should I transfer to another university in another city if my current university doesn't meet my expectations?
How is Seth GS Medical College in Mumbai? How would you rate the faculty, hostel facilities, and campus life?
How are medical colleges in the Caribbean?
How is the gym at IHM Pusa?
How is KIIT in terms of college life and extracurricular activities?
Is it better to study abroad or in Vietnam?
What is the best way to help my son in pre-med university?
Is Emerson College or the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism better to attend?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
What exactly do I have to do to study in the USA? Is it only my SAT examination or is there anything beyond that which should be considered?
Can anybody assist me with an application to study abroad?
Where are some pics of the IGRUA hostel rooms and campus available?
How do I get a civil engineering job for the time being, while preparing to go for higher studies abroad?
How long do you have to study daily on average as a mathematics student at an Ivy League university?
Why do professors insist on having an exam on an exact day at an exact time?
How does International Affiliations of colleges help the students?
Is there a difference between college life in Delhi and Jaipur? What is the difference between college students in Delhi and Jaipur?
When do Harvard students (including graduating seniors) move out of dorms?
Is it better to take a gap year or get into college and prepare for the 2018 JEE simultaneously? My parents don’t want me to take a gap year.
How can I become prepared financially before going back to my university?
Should I go straight into law school after undergrad or take about a year or two off to get some work experience and volunteer work done?
Is it better to study MBBS abroad or in one's own country?
What do colleges like NYU, Cornell and Northwestern look for in transfer students? Is it easier to get in as a freshman or as a transfer?
Is it worth being in a six figure debt to study abroad?
Where did you go for foreign exchange, and why would you recommend that I go there?
What is the scope in BBA after college? In this field, dies college matter in placement? Is it good to get a high placement abroad for post graduation?
Where do students hangout the most in Kochi?
Where will five-star La Lumiere (Ind.) wing Brian Bowen go to college next?
How do I know whether my university/college is an autonomous university or not?
Where are the safest areas to live near Johns Hopkins for a graduate student?
Where can I find people to do my university assignments?
What are kids fresh out of college doing?
How was/is your hostel life as a boy?
What are the best answers for "why do want to study in our college"?
What are the advantages of going to a newer university?
Why should I move to Canada to attend university?
What are the events to be conducted in college?
Is it worth trying to get a job in your hometown just 2 months before you move away to college?
How can I write a leave application for college?
Does Ragging happen in AIIMS?
Should I drop college without paying the full fees of a BDS course?
Which is better at the undergrad level, media studies from India or abroad?
How should I write a budget in college?
Do your relationships from your college days matter so much in the future?
Can you use a college algebra credit for a non-technical major at most 4-year universities?
Is AAFT College good for design​?
What are the pros and cons of staying on campus in college?
How does King’s College compare with Oxbridge?
Are rooms available for students in Lalpur?
Is it advisable to return to India after completing Bachelors from abroad?
What should be my choice stream in college so that it's beneficial in the next four years?
What colleges accept ACE credit?
What are the reasons to go to the University of Florida versus going to the University of Wisconsin?
Can I get scholarship for studying abroad to pursue MBA from Ireland?
Are the University of Washington students happy?
What is it like for a college student to suddenly realize he is a tech billionaire? How does their behavior change?
What are the facilities at IIHM hostel? Could you please send a picture?
Does VIT University send students abroad for small educational trips?
What medical tests are required to study abroad?
Is studying worth/valuable in Malaysia than compared to India?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
What are the feelings about studying abroad in China?
Is it still worth studying Economics, when the entire world is shifting towards Computer Science and AI?
How can a college student make a considerable amount of money with platforms like YouTube?
Are mobiles allowed in Kalasalingam University hostels?
Does Christ Junior College teach French from the start?
How do I become better at organising my university life?
Should I change my course and college?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
How do I apply in Gujrat colleges?
Should I stay in university or go to a community college?
Did your college studies helped you in your journey to success?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
How does a guy studying in a college affiliated to VTU get a top notch internship abroad or otherwise?
What are some combinations of college majors for the future?
Should I take a gap year to pursue my interests?
How is campus life at Calcutta Medical College?
How can a student enjoy his student life?
How difficult is it to transfer to an Ivy from a CC?
Is ragging still prevalent in government medical colleges?
Should I choose a local college over a prestigious college because my parents believe that I won't be able to survive hostel life?
What is the youngest age that someone can go to college?
When transferring from a community college to a university, should I take 75 credits to receive a 2-year degree and meet transfer requirements, or take 60 to receive a non 2-year degree?
How is Patkar College?
Can I transfer to a new school for my final semester?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Why are so many Indian students going abroad for their higher education?
Which is the better place to study abroad: Malaysia or India?
What is a student exchange?
What kind of reputation does NY’s Dominican College have?
Is it a bad sign if I'm already dreading attending college at UC Berkeley?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
Should I go to America for an exchange program?
How can I go to college in the UK, as an undergrad?
Do you think it is okay to take out about 20k in student loans for one academic year for UF?
What was your worst phone experience in Andhra University?
How was your first year in college/university?
Should I attend UCSB or University of Washington for humanities?
Which college should I join: BBD or Ramswaroop?
Where do TISS Mumbai students live who don’t get hostel on campus? What are the charges to stay off campus?
What is a tight end in college football?
What are the things that an Indian student must keep in mind in order to get into the leading universities abroad?
When should we report to KIIT if our first year classes start on July 19th?
Which college in Mumbai would be the best to apply to for journalism (undergrad) if I am keen on going abroad and settling there for my post-grad?
Should a middle class boy go to study abroad?
Which country is better for study abroad among France, Germany and Switzerland?
Would working in an NGO look good on my college applications?
I'm unhappy at a women's college. Should I stick it out?
In Patna University, is transferring from one college to another allowed?
Which is better for a first-year student at RVCE - living in the hostel or a PG?
What is the hostel allotment process at CUSAT for other state candidates in their 1st year?
Are you happy with your college?
What kind of experience is it when studying at Dalian University?
How should I explain why I took a gap year after 12th?
Can a Columbian student take classes at NYU Tisch?
What is the whole agenda of going through an educational atyaachar for the better part of your youth and college years if we have to suffer later, too?
What is the college criteria for applying to a foreign university?
I am terrified of taking a class at the university I attend. Should I take the class at a community college instead?
Which is the better option for first-year housing at Williams College, Mission Park or Frosh Quad?
How good is ISBF hostel?
Can I join an LLB course at another college after completing a BBA?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Is it worth going abroad for a masters degree after graduating in English?
What are the colleges that provide scholarships in AP based on the PGECET?
Are colleges like RV, PES, MSRIT, or BMS helpful in developing a student's skills, or must a student follow what is said in the college and schedule?
Who has been the worst student in all the college courses you've ever taken?
How do I study psychology abroad after 12?
What is the IIT's reputation like abroad?
What did Tom Morello study at college?
Is 1180 on the SAT good for a college like MSU? What are my chances?
How do I transfer into Princeton University?
What are the best places in abroad to study plant biology?
What is it like to study in a co-ed school?
Can I join the rangers, and go to college, at the same time?
Is Vaishampayan College in Solapur good?
How is the college life in IP colleges?
What could be the things that I might have to keep in mind while forming a Bhangra society in college?
Which university is better regarding the quality of life in the city and the condition of the dorms, Suzhou University or Shanghai Normal University?
Does IISER Mohali give one room for one student during a BSMS course or do students need to share their room with other student as well?
What is the cutoff for Easwari College?
What are the most important skills to have in college life?
What can l do at Stanford university?
What is a good advice for an incoming economics major?
Should you break up with a girlfriend/boyfriend solely because of beginning college?
As a college student, what steps should I take to begin investing?
What is the typical day routine of a student at XLRI-J?
I'm turning 20 this year. I dropped out of high school but I got my GED shortly after. Should I go to college? Is college worth it?
What would happen if I were to go to college in the Philippines and get my degree there?
How exactly does a child get accepted into college while young? Isn’t there a certain amount of credits that need to be attained to graduate?
What is life like in IITs?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
Can foreign exchange high school students in the USA go to college/university later?
What do girls think of a boy who is made fun of by everyone in college?
What kind of account should I be putting money into during college? (US Resident/Student)
Should I opt for a single or a shared room in my engineering college hostel?
What are some of the most unforgettable experiences at college?
Why is the first day at ALLEN Kota held on a Sunday?
What questions should I ask the college professors?
Which junior college is better for MOC in Visakhapatnam?
Everybody in my class is just so cringe-worthy. How can you have fun by yourself in a class?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
Are there any types of ragging cases at the JECRC college?
What is the true meaning of study in our college?
Does a gifted child get any benefits for their college studies?
How is life at DMCH?
Does anyone get to know that you are a management quota student in Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune?
What is dorm life like at IIM-A?
Is a 3.6+ GPA after my freshman year at Harvard a reasonable mark relative to my cohorts?
Is New Horizon College fun?
What are some of the most useful college majors that don't have to do with math/science?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
If I am sure about taking a program from the community college, should I do the prerequisites/generals in a 4-year university or do them at college?
Does anybody inquire for caste reserved students in college?
How can I possibly hope to succeed in college given that my personality is very unorganized?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
Is taking a fifth year after high school truly a waste of time?
How is the hostel’s mess food menu at NSIT Delhi?
What are suitable laptops for college students, especially for business majors?
Which IIT campus has the best hostel facilities?
How is your college life?
How do I get an international student loan in Malaysia for studying abroad?
Is it possible to transfer credits from an MSCS at SDSU to an MSSE at SJSU after the first semester?
What is the eligibility to study abroad for MBBS?
How do I sell my books in College Street, Kolkata?
If a stellar student is accepted at an Ivy League school but parents will not contribute their portion, will the school give more aid to the student?
What is the best part about going to college in Denver?
How is life at VIT Chennai?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
Why were The Deane Twins, Brittany Deane and Briana Deane fired from Sweetbriar College?
Should I go to college just because I want people to be proud of me or look at me in a certain way even though I really don't have a desire to go?
How would you describe each and rank each of the first year dorms at Carnegie Mellon?
What is the college major that will most likely make me rich?
How do I visit colleges far away?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
What is different about Ravenshaw University?
Is it a wise decision to study abroad after 12th.if it is then which is less expensive diploma or degree?
Is someone who is on antidepressants for two years really fit for college?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
What is the best thing about hostels in IISc?
How many Ivy League graduates graduated from their top elite university maybe a decade ago, and are super wealthy today?
How can one use the Internet in an NSIT hostel during the first year?
Should I choose McGill University or the University of Waterloo for my computer science bachelor’s degree?
How had been your experience of travelling to a foreign country for the first time for college (specifically USA)?
What are the options after doing a BCA in India? I want to do a postgraduate abroad.
If you become a college freshman again, what course would you take?
Is Bangalore Institute of Technology a good college in terms of placement, opportunities, and campus? What are some examples of jobs offered, packages, and campus details?
Dropping out of college or Continue?
Which company gives the fastest data in NIT, Durgapur?
If I'm staying in GNITS’ hostel, can I go off campus after college?
What do you do when you don't reach the college of your dreams, which you worked hard for, and your college now meets none of your expectations?
Why is it so easy to isolate yourself at college?
How are the reviews of CollegeDekho’s support of students?
Should I attend TCNJ for engineering?
How is your college/university's hostel mess? (food and ambience)?
Does studying hard at college matter?
What was life like as an international student in the late 1900s in the USA?
What happens in the first month in GITAM? What do they teach the students of the CSE department? How was your first day? What should I expect?
What is the procedure for get hostel facilities within the campus?
Should it be okay for college professors to use a textbook that they wrote (in a conflict of interest sense)?
What are the additional courses needed to be studied by EEE students while studying in the college?
Does your UG Engineering college matter for your PG abroad?
What should we do to apply for abroad studies with scholarship?
Which is the better college, SASTRA or RVC?
How do I join a law college after completing the 12th standard?
Which is the best college in Erode?
Are there any universities where students use virtual money for buying stuff around their campus? How does the system work?
Does every college student feel that he got admission to a bad college?
What do you think university students should do during their summer vacation?
When can we start college transfer application?
Is internal sliding possible after first year in NIT Puducherry?
How should an engineering student spend his/her semester break?
What are the levels of education in college?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
How do I improve my chances of getting a transfer from a community college to UCLA or UCB as a math major?
Whats the maximum amount of AP credit that can transfer to colleges?
What is the dorm life like at Manipal University?
How can you become a millionaire during your college days?
Is all knowledge and experience in college obtainable somewhere else?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Where can I find pictures of the girls’ hostel rooms at Birla Global University Bhubaneswar?
Is the verification of my convocation certificate from Mumbai University compulsory if I want to go abroad?
Is KMIT a good college for EIE?
What should I do this summer to improve my college application/fight boredom?
Why is 'existential' deemed to be an intelligence? And how is it an asset?
Is it advisable to transfer huge fees to university before gaining visa?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Should I study abroad after my B.Com programme from Delhi University (regular)?
What is the difference between JECRC university and college?
Can I change my final year project name after having submitted it to my college?
Is there any Quoran who did his BTech in biotechnology at an average college and then pursued higher studies abroad and got a job?
How are the hostel facilities and faculty in MSRUAS?
Does TISS provide any scholarship for PhD abroad for further studies?
I've got mechanical at VIT Chennai. How's it to be a mechanical student at VIT? Also, do people from different branches interact?
What are the best tech tools for campus life?
Is being on the fit team worth it for college applications?
How can I an Indian study in a university abroad?
Do PG students get a single room in PEC?
Is a college responsible to inform students about exams?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
How likely will a UC Davis exchange student get to live on campus accommodation?
What will be the overall total expenses for an Indian student studying in Canada for UG courses?
How do I make money when I'm only 17 if I'm going to college?
Can I change my college after my first year of B.Tech?
Is there anyone who studied at Kappans Institute Trivandrum?
What are the college timings in PSG’s engineering college?
Is it a mistake not to go to a university?
What are the pros and cons of being an Asian student in an American Ivy League University?
Which is the top culinary college?
How much will you rate your happiness level for studying in India?
How can you study abroad for free while attending a UC?
Will a university still accept me, if I failed a community college course?
Where can I get an educational sponsor for my on-hold B.Pharm. degree?
What is it like to go to a university in Canada, as an American?
Does participating in many clubs have more weight in college applications than, say, two sports?
Do people bunk office for 3 to 4 hours daily, like students do in colleges?
Does being able to pay for college increase my acceptance chances?
How is the first day of Medical College?
I have been admitted to a University but haven't started yet. Should or shouldn't I use my university's name on a paper as my affiliation?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a HTML5 AngularJS website template for a startup e-commerce app?
What's a summer session in a university?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
How is Indian student life in Italy. Are there vacancies?
What is the list of things we need when I am joining a hostel?
How is NITHM as a college?
How can I study in a hostel if I am sharing my room with 2 other girls?
Is it hard to go to college for softball?
How do I decide which major I should take in college?
What is scarier- phone not reachable when you're in an isolated place or 48 missed calls from mom?
Does redoing a class to boost your GPA affect chances at an Ivy League?
Is Amsterdam anything like the first 10 minutes of the film Hostel (like before they get tortured)?
Which will be best for me, Amrita or VIT, keeping in mind I want studies and college life together?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
Should one take MWF or TTh classes for college?
Can we use phones in the Pala Brilliant Study Centre and hostel?
What amount of scholarship can a student expect in PESSAT Bangalore College?
Is it a bad idea to study abroad in high school if it will delay my graduation?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
Can a NIOS student go abroad for higher studies?
Is it possible to complete a 3-2 engineer program (at Columbia University) while studying economics at your home institution?
What's the best breakfast for an Indian student who have to catch a train at 6am everyday to college?
Is it okay to politely walk out of a seminar or lecture at a university?
Can a student who just graduated out of college appear for Google Kickstart?
How's Changa University?
What is the experience of students studying for a BSc in St. Ann's College, Hyderabad?
I have no interest in my college studies. Should I drop my college?
What will you do if your parents refuse to pay your college first semester fees until you tell your weight and bring it down to their target level?
Why is the food of engineering college hostels bad?
Is it natural to get turned on when teaching girls in college?
What is your review of Reliance Education's VFX, animation and other small courses?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Do you want to study medical from abroad?
Do colleges allow internship in the first year of college (undergrad)?
When does one become famous in your college life?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are the differences between college life and corporate life?
What is the cutoff at MES College?
What things do I need to know about web developing that I would learn in college?
Should college education be free?
What is some website that helps you get recruited by college coaches?
How can some college students afford to travel the world while still in college?
What are some good colleges in India and abroad for studying Masters in Digital Media?
Is it worth it to work while in college or should I wait until I graduate?
How can a CA go to Harvard University?
Is going to college immediately after high school the only option?
What was your favorite part of college?
What is taught in the first year of college?
For those who went to the same college as their sibling (the ones close in age, like maybe one year), did you stay in the same dorm as your sibling?
Who selects the students who gets accepted to Princeton?
What are all the possible college majors?
Is it possible to migrate from Delhi (IP University) to a college in Nagpur without dropping a year?
Is education really that important for employment in a society in which the majority of people go to college? Isn't work experience more valuable?
Where did Russ Cox go to undergrad?
As a Moroccan student studying for a Master’s in Cybersecurity and interested in doing research abroad in Cryptography, of what can you advise me?
What are the benefits of studying at JIS College of Engineering?
Nearly all of my sisters have gone abroad, but I may not go abroad because of my major. My family often compares me to them. I am lost. What can I do?
How was Balaji Vishwanathan's college life?
Is it possible to skip freshman year at MIT?
What is student life like at UCSB?
What skills should I acquire before going to an Engineering college?
Is it possible to take 20-30 courses per semester in college and university?
Do undergraduate students’ rooms have air conditioners in the UCMS Boys Hostel?
What universities are the best ones for web-designer/developers?
What are the things I need to carry to the GITAM hostel?
Does anyone think they have done graduation with the wrong major?
Is it okay for me to change my group at CMR Technical Campus after my first year?
Will the college know if a student hires an admission consultant? Does it really help? I have a feeling it's not fair to people who cannot afford it.
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
Out of all the possible college majors, what is the weirdest or most useless major?
How many semesters are there in CSE at GNE College Ludhiana?
Is there anyone from Algonquin College, Canada?
We have only 5 clubs in school, and not all remain active throughout the year. Does that mean I am in a serious disadvantage in college applications?
Which college should one choose for a BBA/BMS - Mount Carmel College or H. R. College of Commerce and Economics?
Do you have any tips for a future freshman?
What is the easiest and economical way to go abroad?
What is the best phone experience you've had at Shri Ram College of Commerce?
How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?
What things do people often put on college applications that completely torpedo their chances of getting in?
How is life like in an American university or college?
Which colleges are the best fits for me?
What are some crazy stories from student life at KIIT?
Are stress levels manageable at Amrita University? Also, can you advise me on Bangalore hostel life?
Which accommodation is better for an international postgraduate student in the UK?
Are you interested in majoring in any of the STEM subjects in college?
What should I do with my creepy neighbor?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Is it easier to transfer to a top school after freshman year (VS High School)?
What advice would UCLA alumni give to an incoming freshman?
What inspired you to join the AFMC? Was it your first choice?
What do you guys think of the extreme PC sweeping across our nation with these college students and so on?
How are the IIHM colleges?
Is full fee reimbursement available in Muffakham Jah College?
How do I figure out what I want to go to college for?
What is the standard of DAV (PG) College in terms of studying at BHU? Does it provide a hostel facility also? How does it differ from BHU main campus?
I am studying MBBS in a private college. Can I change my college after 1st year and get adimission in 2nd year in a goverment college?
Are there any PhD scholarships that are easy to get abroad?
How is a girl’s life in Lady Hardinge College Hostel?
Do gap year students have to face any disadvantage while seeking admission to DIPSAR?
Which is the best college for doing MMS?
How much does it cost to do an MS abroad?
Would you consider going to college to be a doctor a waste of time even if you might actually become successful one day?
Does ragging happen in Mumbai colleges?
How is the quality of life for undergrad students at Stanford?
Is it really difficult for Chinese junior college students to have a good future?
How do I start college with no money and no job?
Which is the best college in Tiruppur?
Is every college big?
What are the procedures to transfer from one college to another (autonomous) when they belong to different universities in Tamil Nadu?
How is student life in Singapore and can they work besides studying?
What do you think of college drop-outs in India?
As an American student taking a gap year to work in Copenhagen, where is a good place to live cheaply?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
What is similarity private and state university?
Pronoy Bhat has done UG studies from which college?
Are there college scholarships available in the US for a student in a low-income family with a high ACT score (35) but an average GPA?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
Why would a girl with a 4.6 GPA and a 36 ACT, who plays elite soccer and is never in trouble, be rejected by Ivy League schools?
Will Infosys provide the same batch for the same college students?
What should I do in my MSBTE gap year?
How is the college life at VIT Vellore?
What can you tell me about Nalsar University?
Can I attend MIT school of charm even if I don't go there (Boston College)?
Which is best for doing Engineering, SVCE or Brindavan College?
How do you write a college acceptance letter?
What are some suggestions for dealing with psoriasis as a college student?
Is a first-year BFA student at Julliard eligible for transfer to Yale or Harvard as an undergraduate?
I've had a 2.0 average since freshman year and I'm going to be a junior next year. Is it too late for me to be accepted into a good college?
Will a 22 year old boy joining as a first year student be ragged at AFMC just like the others? What does the ragging include?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
As a college professor, you ask a student causing a disturbance in the class to go out, but they defy you. How do you deal with such a situation?
Is Praxis a good idea for college graduates?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
What are some ideas for what I can do during my upcoming gap year?
Is the PUC degree recognised abroad? I.e., Can one go abroad for further studies if he's doing a PUC (for UG)?
Which is the best PU college in Dakshina Kannada?
What are some suggestions for a good quality, affordable tenor saxophone for a college student who would like to play again after a long break (5+ years)?
Since the dawn of the information age, has the inequity between the salaries offered amongst Ivy League and normal schools narrowed?
How much time did you spend traveling to reach your college/university? Is two hours to reach and two hours to come back too much?
How do I market a product to the average college student?
Who are your best friends in college?
What is the college timing for a BCA student in Mumbai?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
We must stop going to college. We should start studying online. Am I right?
What are the good options for studying medicine abroad for an Indian at a low cost, and which are approved by the Medical Council of India?
Can I change my stream after getting into a college in my first year?
Where can I find some CMI hostel & room pictures?
Is there any 1-semester study abroad program in Sathyabama University?
What kind of benefits does the current account offer to its customers?
What is it like to be an Indian undergrad in the UK?
How dark is college?
Should I choose an all-freshman dorm?
How is life after UC Berkeley?
How is Quantum Global Campus as a college?
How big of a roll does the name of a college play in placements? Is it necessary to get admitted to a college that requires a large amount of fees?
Is it better to go to college or university?
How should I raise $70000 to study at NYU?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
What was your experience when your child started college?
Is a hostel stay mandatory for everyone at Ashoka University? I live just 30 minutes away and I don't want to stay in a hostel?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
Is there a site where I can read college essays from students? Not admissions but papers they must turn in for class.
Why do Cambridge and Oxford universities have multiple colleges?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What was your worst phone experience in Ganpat University?
What is the typical food budget of the average American university student and what food does that get you?
Would there be any merits (college application-wise) to me teaching a music class to the younger students at my school?
How many first year students who are not from Karnataka are opting for the hostel in RVCE?
How are the military engineering services colleges?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
I want to study abroad but I cannot afford a lot. What all options do I have?
Can I study abroad after my 10th grade in India?
Should I just work on campus or apply for a regular job?
Can I quit my college after 1st year and go to different college starting from 1st year again if I am getting a better one?
Are there any scholarships for art students in India for studying abroad?
How can I create my own student honor code?
Isn't it difficult to travel abroad for studies?
What is the best way to stay connected on campus?
How many job opportunities will be lost if I attend FSU over UF for an undergrad in Information Systems?
What's it like studying in Germany as a foreign student?
Can you submit community college transcripts for freshman college admission?
Is there any chance that we can do MS from elite colleges after taking a drop of one year after graduation?
Do the students of NYU have free access to the university gym?
Which college has good placements, KMIT, SNIST or MGIT?
How is SLS Hyderabad?
I really want to go to KMC Manipal but my family cannot afford it. Should I take a loan or go to a more affordable medical college?
Which is the best college for hacking?
What is the fastest/most efficient way to fill in the bubbles on a Scantron?
Can I include extracurricular activities and achievements that were done after completing high school on a college application?
Does Maitreyi College offer a BTech course?
What College Majors would one have to partake through in order to become a lawyer?
Can we change our department after the first year in Thapar university?
How hard is it to manage working and going to college full/part-time?
Which college is better, UCD or ISU?
In what ways is the social scene in college different than the social scene in high school?
What is the deadline for hostel rooms in Chandigarh University?
What is the best way to travel around campus?
What is the worst phone experience you've had in Kurukshetra University?
Which is a more expensive college for a BTech in food tech: TNAU or Sathyabama?
I learned in college that defecation from fear during battle was common. How common was it?
What is life like at IHM Bhubaneswar?
Do MAMC hostels have AC for MBBS students?
How hard will it be for me to get into Barnard College?
What is your view about Fleming College?
How would you rank these colleges for B.Tech CSE: MIT Manipal, MIT Jaipur, VIT Vellore, RV Engineering Bengaluru, LNMIIT Jaipur, DAIICT, and Shiv Nader University?
If one wants to try doing business (but have a back-up profession), is engineering with management (at a top British university) worth it or unnecessary?
What is the best type of private loan for a poor adult to take out to go back to college in the US?
Is it better to get admission in a college or university in Canada?
Should I pursue my aspiration to study abroad in the UK?
What's an affordable and fun city to live after college?
What university do you want to go to?
How is SVIMS college for management?
For well-rounded students who win 1st Place at Intel ISEF, how does college admissions go? Is it easier?
What are the benefits of studying at the University of Texas at Tyler?
Why did SRK leave Hansraj College and waste his mother's hard-earned money?
Which NUS dorm is most recommended for international freshman?
Do you know anyone who got 45 in IB? What do you know about them?
How is the BIMTECH girls hostel?
I'm taking a gap year after I finish A-Levels. What can I do in this time to improve my university application?
Should I join the family business or go abroad for a masters in management?
Is getting into a really reputed college like IITs or IIMs, important?
Is there a way an F-1 student in their graduating semester can take a 4 credit class online (summer semester) and have the credits transferred over?
I'm starting college this year and I'll be majoring in Chinese and English. How can I get ready for those two majors over the summer?
Is it possible to take graduate level courses in US colleges without being admitted to the college?
How is DSE (Delhi University), in terms of academic pressure?
Is UC Berkeley a good school for a pre-med track?
How is college life at WVU Tech?
What should I do if I took a month off college and need to explain it now?
What is the best thing which you can do in a study break?
Is living in a university dorm in the UK a horrible experience?
Why is it that the IIT student culture seems to be not focused on studies?
Can I do CA with regular CA college?
Where is a good place to live in Boston to get away from partying college kids and is decently priced?
What do I need to know to avoid 'culture shock' if I want to study abroad?
How is the condition of Mangalore university's hostel?
Which scholarships are exam based for studying abroad? Can you name a few?
What is student life like at the University of Washington?
Which banks in India provide undergraduate diploma loans for studying abroad?
How is the NVM engineering college?
How is it like to live in-residence at the University of New Brunswick? Do you recommend any particular residence?
If I want to study abroad for MBBS which is the best country?
What do you think about your college life?
When will KIIT notify me about the commencement of the classes and hostel accommodation?
Why do serving IAS, IPS go for higher studies abroad?
What are the facilities at MIT hostel in AC rooms for freshers?
Why do people pay for college?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
Is a college degree necessary in exponential times?
What do you think the most important thing required for college applications is?
How is the attendance scene at HR College Mumbai?
How is being a freshman in college different from being a freshman in highschool?
How is the MGIT College in Gandipet?
Is it possible that a university will not reply to applicants?
What is harder between finance and economics?
How is life as a CSA on a campus?
How hard is GA Tech?
Which is more economical at DU, hostel or PG?
What are some crazy stories about student life at the IIIT?
How are the hostel rooms of MMMUT?
Do you miss college?
Which is the official study abroad consultant for Ireland universities or institution in Delhi?
How often do you attend M.com classes of Delhi University? Is the attendance necessary to maintain?
How can I get a scholarship to study an MBA abroad?
How is life at the University of Hyderabad campus for an integrated MA student?
Why do you want a career as a study abroad advisor?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
What is Welbeck Defense Sixth Form College like?
What is it like to be a rich college student?
What are some opinions of Launceston Matriculation College?
Is it a good idea to study abroad? What are the good and bad sides of it?
How can I go from a 2.3 to a 3.5 GPA (only completed freshman year in college)?
What are the pros and cons of each freshman dorm at Carnegie Mellon (especially morewood e tower and donner)?
Can someone who graduated from a non top tier school (let’s say ~70% acceptance rate) get into an Ivy League graduate program such as one at MIT?
I dropped out of BDS college and join MBBS college, what can I do?
Does St. Stephen's College decide its cutoff based on the performance of the students that have applied?
When do MIT students move out of dorms?
Is there a mental condition that would account for a friend's 20-year-old son dropping out of college and losing interest in absolutely everything?
How many days is college in the UK?
Can we have air coolers in the hostel rooms of Amrita’s engineering college?
While being an international student in America, did you feel any pressure because your English wasn't very "American"?
Do you think that high school courses should be taught at a faster pace?
What are your reviews/opinions on Humber College?
What are some non-STEM related summer opportunities for high school students?
Is there any dress code at UCMS for students?
Can I do my CPT with regular going to college?
How do I get a scholarship?
What is your experience of studying in Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Kodambakkam?
How do you get time to understand what is being taught in college?
Is NLUO good in terms of placements and college life or should I take SLS Pune?
How is Bennett University’s campus?
How can I start doing decent projects along with my college studies to ultimately have a good profile to apply for good internships?
What should I do if not all of my credits from my community college are fully transfered to my new university?
Does going to a top-notch junior college in Mumbai really matter in the long run?
Can I get a girlfriend in my second year of college?
Why doesn't Ashoka University have a crest like Ivy League colleges?
How did your classmates react when you got the highest grade?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What was it like being an American woman who wanted or did go to college in the early 1960s?
What can I do about my stuttering situation as an RA?
What are the government engineering colleges like in Maharashtra, in terms of college life as well as placements?
Do you feel that segregation of "Whites" is acceptable on a college campus?
What language should I learn my last two years of college?
Is it better to do a PhD in India or abroad? Will doing it abroad be difficult?
Is it possible to have a social life and live off campus in college?
What do future mathematicians do differently at university?
Should I still go to college if I'm engaged to a surgeon?
What does a college want to see, three years of high school student government treasurer, or treasurer for two years and president for senior year?
How can I make myself a good candidate for an Ivy League school as a CC transfer?
What is the purpose of visualizing? That brand new car has never come into reality.
How is St. Mira’s College for Girls, Pune?
How tough is it to migrate from one college to other in DU after completion of first year?
Is being a staff member of the supreme student council at our university, helpful for my college application? We organize university-wide activities and other things.
How is the RCC Institute of information technology? Can I get a good, budget hostel with a mess hall near the college?
Which are the scholarships available to Indian students for studying law abroad?
I'm considering dropping out of college. What should I do?
What about an MBBS abroad? Is it good?
Should I major in either philosophy or international development? (undergraduate)
Where is the Jain’s girls hostel in Mumbai?
What are the pros and cons of Maharani College, Jaipur?
Is Sha Shib College good?
What are the best-designed hostel rooms in NIT Trichy? Where do I find pictures of such?
Which university has the biggest area under its campus?
How does a college/university student analyze someone’s statements, written and oral, based on other information, according to Barbara Hughes?
Has there ever been a case where an impoverished student was thwarted from attending an Ivy League school because he or she couldn't pay the application fee?
I am going to participate in an early college program next year. My GPA is 3.6 but I still don't think I'm good enough. How hard are college classes?
What are some tips for my freshman year of High School?
How is the ISM college of Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan for Indian students?
Does college matter in order to get a good career?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of doing an MBA abroad? (I am Indian.)
Does GLC Mumbai have a good college life?
I'm thinking of going to college in either Canada or the UK. What is your advice?
What are the hostels and campus of KGMU like? Are there any AC rooms?
Which residence hall is the best for McGill freshman?
What was the worst part of your college life?
Do college dropouts need a transfer certificate for joining a different course in a different college?
If you could go to any college in the United States, which one would you attend?
What are some famous colleges in England?
What should a wannabe logician take in university undergraduate?
Do community college courses give you the same GPA boost as AP courses for the UC weighted high school GPA?
How common is it for Americans to work while they are studying in college?
Should I transfer from Western to U of T to study math?
Should I practice my art before going to college?
How is the P.G. girl’s hostel in JJMMC, Devangere?
I have a 2.3 GPA from my freshman year in college. What should be my next step?
Can I change NITC to any other government engineering college in Kerala directly in my second year?
What will happen if I get into another college after my UCAS application?
How is life for a women studying in NLSIU? How is the hostel facility?
What could cause an INTJ to do badly in college?
How does one get a year back in PU or colleges affiliated to PU?
How is the college life at Mount Carmel College, Bangalore?
Am I wrong for postponing going to college because I'm terrified of debt?
What are the scholarships available for studying abroad from India?
What are the reasons you like (or don't like) Velammal?
Can a +2 commerce student go abroad for doing BA?
How are Italian students perceived abroad?
What is the hardest/easiest college math basic?
How is the food at SRM Easwari College hostel?
What is the written test all about in Christ College for PUC?
Would you dislike your private tutor if he or she resigned due to a heavy workload at university?
What's the thing you hate about your engineering college the most?
What will be the selection of colleges if I get 38,000 in JEXPO?
What are some minimalist wardrobe ideas for college going students?
Which is the most “happening” university in Indonesia for intellectually rigorous and confident conversations on weighty issues?
What was your journey from being an ordinary person to a brilliant programmer in college life?
Does every high school and college have an honor code?
Can I get admission in another college and give the KT which I got from my previous college?
Which residence halls are NYU's oldest residence halls?
How is the Mahesh PU College in Kalaburgi?
What does the MIT fraternity tEp lose out on from not being on the Red Line?
What is DIT Dehradun like?
I want to open a cultural club in my college. What steps should I take?
How did you become stronger in mathematics?
Can an IES officer go for higher studies abroad?
What do Ethiopians say about Goldsmith University?
Are rooms available for students in Lalpur?
What must an undergraduate pre-med student do to greatly strengthen his/her extracurriculars?
Which is a better college for a BBA, IBCS of SOA University or KSOM of KIIT University?
What's your best study method at college/university?
Can I take up a job abroad and then study there again?
Which is cheaper, living in a dorm and paying less for college or living at home but pay for an expensive college?
Which is the best university for psychology teachers, Columbia University in New York or University College in the UK?
How can I stop feeling so confused?
Is it worthwhile to go abroad and study and then practise in Mumbai?
Are there people who think their hostel is better than their home?
Is the Mechano-Informatics department of the University Of Tokyo an undergraduate course, and if yes, is it a robotics oriented career?
How is KIIT hostel life for 1st year students?
Is it advisable to take a gap year after Alevels if a student doesn't meet the requirements and may study the subject in the gap year?
Should I drop out of college to become a pro boxer?
Did you find non-credit language courses at a community college to be benificial?
Is there a semester-abroad program for students studying biotech at SASTRA University?
How is BMSCE Bangalore in terms of placements, studies, atmosphere, personality development, and everything about the college?
If I score badly in my first year in DU (say college A), can I withdraw from A to repeat the year in another DU college B?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
Should we pay donations and fees every year for architecture college?
What is the best place to hide contraband (say an iPad) in a dorm room during an unanticipated (you have half an hour only) room inspection?
Where are some good places to go on a gap year, what should I do, and how expensive will it be?
What should I do if university spoiled my life?
How can we study abroad without much money?
Could foreign students take Fudan University undergraduate courses that is in Chinese for four years?
It takes forever for YouTube to load in our college at Delhi University. Which network provides the fastest data speed in our college?
Do you have pictures of your first day school?
What are common room/dormitory at Manipal hostel?
Is it possible to live on-campus while studying all or most courses virtually?
What if I went to college but withdrew with a low GPA, but now I want to go back?
I’m in danger of falling below a 2.0 GPA at UC Berkeley after finishing my freshman year. What are my options to improve?
What are the advantages of going abroad for a schoolyear?
Has anyone been shortlisted for DIAT 2017? What are your views about choosing this college?
Which are some decent engineering colleges in India that give admission through the management quota? (Read description.)
How do I study well in my college after not getting into any IIT/NIT?
Who is responsible for making the course syllabus and credits at various colleges?
Is that true that the Delhi University members who will check our papers will easily give us the marks because it is our last year?
Is St Mary's college in Hyderabad co-ed?
Should I drop out of college and become a full-time freelancer?
Where does the fee collected by colleges for re-examination go?
What are the scholarships for MBBS graduates for pursuing their MD abroad?
Is there any college in Pune where attendance is not necessary?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
How should I prepare myself for the ThoughtWorks college placements? Explain in detail.
How do you take a gap year before UC Berkeley?
Is it possible for first year SRM students to stay outside the hostel? How will I find roommates, and would it be cheaper than the hostel?
What are some of your best frat party stories?
What are the benefits for a college to stay linked with a university?
Does applying earlier to college (in the US) help?
Is Northwest Suburban College genuine?
How is Jain University in terms of dress code and hostel life?
How do I apply for the Duff Hostel, Kolkata? And how good is it?
Is a 3.0 GPA in college bad?
What would happen if I missed my first semester Calicut University exam?
Does Bakliwal have a hostel?
Do Punjabi's think that if you fail to go abroad, then you are unsuccessful?
How would you explain co-induction to your average college student?
What are disadvantages for gap year students in DU?
How do underage Americans manage to get alcohol for their college parties, and not get caught?
What are the college facilities for RMSIT?
Is Berkeley better than Middlebury for an economics undergraduate, or should I take a gap year and try for an Ivy League, which rejected me this year?
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
Why is GITAM starting college so early, on 14th June? When will the first holiday season be?
Is there a way F-1 students can take a 4 credit online class & have the credits transferred over during a summer semester if it's the graduating sem.?
Which is the best college Dhan Mepco?
What are the truths that you discover after graduating from college?
Which is the best hostel in Hyderabad?
How is the hostel facility at Amity at the Bangalore campus?
How are the hostels at M.S. Ramaiah Medical College? Are there curfews? Does anyone have a picture of their room?
What should you learn before moving out for college?
What are some easy cooking recipes that you used in college?
How do I make the most out of my final year in University​?
Will failing a general education class in my freshman year hurt me in the long run?
What can you do take to make your college life more productive?
Is GMC, Mumbai overrated?
Is an internship necessary for studying a master’s in history abroad?
What are the criterias of studying abroad, post graduation?
Why do colleges force students to take Gender Studies courses?
Is going to college in the US and starting your life in deep debt really worth it? Should I go to college in Europe?
What are the differences in opportunities and life at Washington University in St. Louis when compared to the Ivy League schools?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Has anyone studied in St Agnes College, Mangalore, or is a student present?
What is the prerequsite knowledge that a student must have before joining the Shailesh J Mehta School of Management?
How excellent is PU College of Moodubidire?
IFMR is said to be very reliable in academic terms, but do they have a sports facility in the college?
What is it like studying as a international student at the university of Grenoble?
How are IISER TVM Vithura campus’ hostel rooms?
How is Chinmaya Naada Bindu different from other music colleges?
What are outside-college opportunities in Jaipur?
What is the best college for a quality audit course?
According to Atul Roy, what are the mistakes that a 1st year college student should avoid while preparing for CSE?
What are the pros and cons of hostel life at PSG Tech?
Do the renowned business schools in the US (like the Ivy League schools) prefer the applications of engineers more than those of the commerce graduates from India?
What is the study of music like at Middlesex University?
Where can I volunteer abroad in Honduras as a PreMedical Student or PreNurse Student?
What are some best engineering branches to choose for introverts?
What companies pay you to go to college?
Can anyone study at college and also earn a living for oneself in India without their parents' support?
What is stopping you from pursuing your dream to study abroad, especially in the USA? Are there any questions you would like to see answered?
How is the ragging scenario at IIIT Bangalore?
Is Michigan a good state to live in and go to college?
Can we go outside Amrita University on weekends as hostellers?
Is it possible to graduate from undergraduate college debt-free?
Can I get a respectful internship at NASA as a college student?
Which is the best girls hostel in Kolkata?
Is a TC (transfer certificate) from college important for applying for a job abroad?
If your overall GPA is a B+ but your final is an A, would top colleges be okay with it?
How can I apply for admission into SV Agricultural College in Tirupati?
How was your experience at the University of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school?
How did your life change after studying in North Campus, Delhi University?
Is there any way to change your college for any other institution running under the UPTU for a BTech in CSE for a 4th semester passed student?
Can I study in abroad in the Netherlands after my 10th class from India?
I am 21 and have only just started attending college. I recently got my GED and got accepted into college with good scores. Is it okay to be this late?
Did you against all odds get into an Ivy League school?
What is the ladies’ hostel like at ITER in Bhubaneswar?
How good is Sona College, Salem?
What have English majors at UCSB done after graduating?
Were you unschooled and still ended up going to college?
Can I get into a CS course in a college if my GPA is low?
Does ragging take place in NITs, even in 2017?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
For a college student, what are some tips for success?
What is it like to study at Innopolis University as a foreign student?
What is your review of International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar (IIIT Bh)?
Is college way too expensive today?
How many colleges are counted under JCECEB?
Is post graduate PG enough for teaching in college?
What happens if you report bullies in college? What does the school do to take action?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How do I get over tough times and the burden of the two most important and difficult courses in college?
Can Cambridge students study in libraries not of their own college on a regular basis?
What was the most useless course been taught to you at college?
What should I do in the summer vacations of my 1st year in college?
What was your college major? Did you enjoy it?
Do college applicants for prestigious universities stay the same each year?
Does any of you feel that a hostel is a better place than your home?
What is the best time table of each day in summer vacation for a college student?
Is there a hostel facility available at Semi-Conductor Laboratory for those students who get a chance to pursue their projects there?
How is Pana PU college, Mangalore?
What's the best masters degree to do after u have completed BCom+acca?
How is Mahesh PU College in Nagarbhavi?
Which college is the best dual degree colleges in the world?
How was the first day at medical college?
Is IGRUA tough?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
A+ average students what does a weeks schedule generally look like for you?
How can I get to study at top universities abroad while doing my engineering in India?
Who do you think is/was the most popular guy of your college and how would you explain his popularity?
What would you choose between an Ivy League college or some not-so-bad private college in India, considering the cost and everything?
What is your hostel experience like at St. Stephens, Delhi?
Which college should I attend after 10th?
What is the best way to study science and music together in the years preceding college?
What do I need to do to please college recruiters?
How bad will my wacky math grades look in college applications?
Why do I like eating too much?
When does spring break start for college students?
How is life at the KIIT campus?
Why doesn't place (college) matter when studying CS?
What should one do if they feel really stupid and dream to be a physicist and scientist?
How do teachers deal with class clowns?
Are there any other scholarships like the Charpak Scholarship for Indian undergraduate students?
Will my college rescind my admission?
Is it good studing MBBS in abroad?
What is your opinion about hostel life?
Can service members attend religious colleges for free?
What sort of crisis is Walchand College of Engineering going through?
Where can I find multiple college scholarships online?
What are some do's and dont's when making a college application?
As I was suffering from depression, I had to drop out from college. I passed high school in 2012. Can I join any college as a freshman for physics?
What are the qualities of best hostel warden for school?
Can I study abroad with a full scholarship and accommodation because my financial condition is not good?
What is it like in Subodh College?
What constructive things can we learn in the holidays between the school and college which will be helpful in the long run?
What are the easiest subjects to take in the first year of college?
Do international students in Ivy League universities in the US get as well paying jobs as their American counterparts?
How is Seshadripuram Composite PU College in Bangalore?
Is taking three college science classes difficult?
Should I transfer to another university in another city if my current university doesn't meet my expectations?
How are medical colleges in the Caribbean?
How is KIIT in terms of college life and extracurricular activities?
Is it better to study abroad or in Vietnam?
What is the best way to help my son in pre-med university?
How do I get a civil engineering job for the time being, while preparing to go for higher studies abroad?
What are the college timings at Vidya Mandir PU college?
Where are some pics of the IGRUA hostel rooms and campus available?
How long do you have to study daily on average as a mathematics student at an Ivy League university?
Why do professors insist on having an exam on an exact day at an exact time?
Is there a difference between college life in Delhi and Jaipur? What is the difference between college students in Delhi and Jaipur?
How can I become prepared financially before going back to my university?
Should I go straight into law school after undergrad or take about a year or two off to get some work experience and volunteer work done?
Is it better to study MBBS abroad or in one's own country?
Is it worth being in a six figure debt to study abroad?
Can I study law in India and do further studies abroad?
What is the scope in BBA after college? In this field, dies college matter in placement? Is it good to get a high placement abroad for post graduation?
Is it better to change a PU college or try to solve the problems within the same college?
How much did professors study when they were undergrads?
Where will five-star La Lumiere (Ind.) wing Brian Bowen go to college next?
How do I know whether my university/college is an autonomous university or not?
Where are the safest areas to live near Johns Hopkins for a graduate student?
Where can I find people to do my university assignments?
How do college students in the Boston area generally think about students from NEU?
What are kids fresh out of college doing?
How was/is your hostel life as a boy?
What should my curriculum be comprised of to go to an Ivy League School? Essentially, how many APS should I take?
What are the best answers for "why do want to study in our college"?
What are the advantages of going to a newer university?
Is it okay to be alone in college?
Will colleges like Velammal allow students to learn out of the box?
What are the events to be conducted in college?
What are the college timings of MES PU college?
How can I write a leave application for college?
QB released the College Prep Scholars decision. How competitive is it now that in 2017, 12,000 juniors applied but only 3,700~ were accepted?
Should I drop college without paying the full fees of a BDS course?
How do I apply for Jain College Pre-University courses?
Which is better at the undergrad level, media studies from India or abroad?
How do I upgrade my college results?
How should I write a budget in college?
Can you use a college algebra credit for a non-technical major at most 4-year universities?
What are some of the perks of getting into a college?
Can you become a lawyer by attending a college in Canada or can it only be done by attending a university?
How does King’s College compare with Oxbridge?
Do colleges care about community service?
Can I get scholarship for studying abroad to pursue MBA from Ireland?
What should be my choice stream in college so that it's beneficial in the next four years?
What colleges accept ACE credit?
What are the reasons to go to the University of Florida versus going to the University of Wisconsin?
Are the University of Washington students happy?
For management studies which is better, IIM or abroad?
Is it the college/university that makes a difference in a student's life, or is it the student himself/herself that makes the difference?
What are the facilities at IIHM hostel? Could you please send a picture?
Does VIT University send students abroad for small educational trips?
Is Vasvi a good college, and does it have good interviews?
Is a BFTech degree recognized abroad? What are some good foreign colleges for an MFTech?
What medical tests are required to study abroad?
How can a college student make a considerable amount of money with platforms like YouTube?
Are mobiles allowed in Kalasalingam University hostels?
Does Christ Junior College teach French from the start?
What are the criterions for a GMAT student to get a scholarship to study abroad?
Is it possible for me to change colleges if I have a KT?
How do I become better at organising my university life?
Should I change my course and college?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
I'm 18 (student college, male) and I am falling in love with guy student too in my college. Am I gay?
How do I apply in Gujrat colleges?
Did your college studies helped you in your journey to success?
How does a guy studying in a college affiliated to VTU get a top notch internship abroad or otherwise?
How's R.C. Patil, and how come I get the picture of the campus and hostel of cosmetic technology?
What are some combinations of college majors for the future?
Should I take a gap year to pursue my interests?
How is campus life at Calcutta Medical College?
How can a student enjoy his student life?
Which is better for engineering: autonomous college or university?
When transferring from a community college to a university, should I take 75 credits to receive a 2-year degree and meet transfer requirements, or take 60 to receive a non 2-year degree?
How is Patkar College?
Can I transfer to a new school for my final semester?
Why are so many Indian students going abroad for their higher education?
How is Banasthali?
Which is the better place to study abroad: Malaysia or India?
Can I transfer to another college in Pune?
What is a student exchange?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
Are outsiders allowed to stay with students in IIM hostels? I mean apart from the married student dorm or something.
Should I go to America for an exchange program?
Do you think it is okay to take out about 20k in student loans for one academic year for UF?
Where can I earn 15 university credits (15 EC/EU Credits) in marketing/strategy/business administration between now and September, online or in EU?
How was your first year in college/university?
Should I attend UCSB or University of Washington for humanities?
Is it advisable to create your own uniform at college?
Which college should I join: BBD or Ramswaroop?
Where do TISS Mumbai students live who don’t get hostel on campus? What are the charges to stay off campus?
Which are the best private campuses in Jaipur WRT, for the education and campus life?
What can I do in my current college (NYU) that will make me just as competitive for jobs as someone who went to an elite school (like Harvard)?
What is a tight end in college football?
Is it possible for a college student to study abroad fully depending on herself?
What are the things that an Indian student must keep in mind in order to get into the leading universities abroad?
Which college in Mumbai would be the best to apply to for journalism (undergrad) if I am keen on going abroad and settling there for my post-grad?
How is student life at the GL Bajaj Institute of Technology, Noida?
Would working in an NGO look good on my college applications?
I'm unhappy at a women's college. Should I stick it out?
In Patna University, is transferring from one college to another allowed?
What is best place to live off campus RMIT? Please answer in reference to foreign student.
What is the hostel allotment process at CUSAT for other state candidates in their 1st year?
Would it be good to pursue my medical studies abroad?
Are you happy with your college?
What kind of experience is it when studying at Dalian University?
Who is having a funny life after college?
How should I explain why I took a gap year after 12th?
Can a Columbian student take classes at NYU Tisch?
What is the whole agenda of going through an educational atyaachar for the better part of your youth and college years if we have to suffer later, too?
I am terrified of taking a class at the university I attend. Should I take the class at a community college instead?
Which is the better option for first-year housing at Williams College, Mission Park or Frosh Quad?
How good is ISBF hostel?
How safe is the DU hostel for girls?
Who has been the worst student in all the college courses you've ever taken?
How do I study psychology abroad after 12?
What is the IIT's reputation like abroad?
Is 1180 on the SAT good for a college like MSU? What are my chances?
How do I transfer into Princeton University?
What are the best places in abroad to study plant biology?
What is it like to study in a co-ed school?
Can I join the rangers, and go to college, at the same time?
Is Vaishampayan College in Solapur good?
What college major should I go for?
Is there any advantages for applying to colleges lower than your qualifications?
How is the hostel life at Shiv Nadar University for freshers?
How is the college life in IP colleges?
What could be the things that I might have to keep in mind while forming a Bhangra society in college?
Which university is better regarding the quality of life in the city and the condition of the dorms, Suzhou University or Shanghai Normal University?
What is a good advice for an incoming economics major?
What are the most important skills to have in college life?
What can l do at Stanford university?
What would happen if I were to go to college in the Philippines and get my degree there?
What do you think about Thiyagaraja College?
Should you break up with a girlfriend/boyfriend solely because of beginning college?
As a college student, what steps should I take to begin investing?
What is the typical day routine of a student at XLRI-J?
I'm turning 20 this year. I dropped out of high school but I got my GED shortly after. Should I go to college? Is college worth it?
What are the curricular activities required for aerospace to study abroad after appearing for ACT?
How exactly does a child get accepted into college while young? Isn’t there a certain amount of credits that need to be attained to graduate?
How do I access the University of Chicago’s Joe and Rika Mansueto Library without being a student there?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
Can foreign exchange high school students in the USA go to college/university later?
What do girls think of a boy who is made fun of by everyone in college?
What kind of account should I be putting money into during college? (US Resident/Student)
Should I opt for a single or a shared room in my engineering college hostel?
How do you know which undergrad school you belong in?
What are some of the most unforgettable experiences at college?
What questions should I ask the college professors?
Which junior college is better for MOC in Visakhapatnam?
How is hostel life at IIITD?
Everybody in my class is just so cringe-worthy. How can you have fun by yourself in a class?
How do students of Ramkrishna Mission Colleges prepare for JAM and other exams? Do they attend classroom coaching centres or is their college enough?
What is the true meaning of study in our college?
Does a gifted child get any benefits for their college studies?
How is life at DMCH?
Does anyone get to know that you are a management quota student in Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune?
What is dorm life like at IIM-A?
Can I take college and school simultaneously?
Is a 3.6+ GPA after my freshman year at Harvard a reasonable mark relative to my cohorts?
Is New Horizon College fun?
What are some of the most useful college majors that don't have to do with math/science?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
If I am sure about taking a program from the community college, should I do the prerequisites/generals in a 4-year university or do them at college?
Does anybody inquire for caste reserved students in college?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
Is taking a fifth year after high school truly a waste of time?
How is the hostel’s mess food menu at NSIT Delhi?
What are suitable laptops for college students, especially for business majors?
Is George Brown College a good choice for foreign students?
Which IIT campus has the best hostel facilities?
How is your college life?
After college, why does it feel like you have no meaning in life though you do have?
Is it possible to transfer credits from an MSCS at SDSU to an MSSE at SJSU after the first semester?
What is the eligibility to study abroad for MBBS?
How do I sell my books in College Street, Kolkata?
If a stellar student is accepted at an Ivy League school but parents will not contribute their portion, will the school give more aid to the student?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
How would you describe each and rank each of the first year dorms at Carnegie Mellon?
What is the college major that will most likely make me rich?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
What is different about Ravenshaw University?
Which choice should I make, university credits plus GPA improvement or community college?
Which university/college is the best for Pre Medical degree?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
How do I build my passion in accountancy?
What is the best thing about hostels in IISc?
How can one use the Internet in an NSIT hostel during the first year?
Do first year students get hostels at NIT Raipur?
Should I choose McGill University or the University of Waterloo for my computer science bachelor’s degree?
How had been your experience of travelling to a foreign country for the first time for college (specifically USA)?
What are the options after doing a BCA in India? I want to do a postgraduate abroad.
If you become a college freshman again, what course would you take?
If I'm staying in GNITS’ hostel, can I go off campus after college?
What do you do when you don't reach the college of your dreams, which you worked hard for, and your college now meets none of your expectations?
What was the transition like from college to launching your own company?
How are the reviews of CollegeDekho’s support of students?
Should I attend TCNJ for engineering?
What should I do with my pets when I leave for college?
How is your college/university's hostel mess? (food and ambience)?
I am in college, I want to learn about science, but I also know I want to make movies in the future. What should I major in?
Does studying hard at college matter?
What happens in the first month in GITAM? What do they teach the students of the CSE department? How was your first day? What should I expect?
What are the college timings at VNR?
Should it be okay for college professors to use a textbook that they wrote (in a conflict of interest sense)?
What are the additional courses needed to be studied by EEE students while studying in the college?
Should you go to college to learn a skill that you don't care about because you don't think what interests you will get you a good job?
What should we do to apply for abroad studies with scholarship?
Which is the better college, SASTRA or RVC?
How do I join a law college after completing the 12th standard?
Which is the best college in Erode?
What is most important about student life?
Are there any universities where students use virtual money for buying stuff around their campus? How does the system work?
When can we start college transfer application?
Is internal sliding possible after first year in NIT Puducherry?
How should an engineering student spend his/her semester break?
What are the levels of education in college?
How do I improve my chances of getting a transfer from a community college to UCLA or UCB as a math major?
Whats the maximum amount of AP credit that can transfer to colleges?
What is the dorm life like at Manipal University?
How can you become a millionaire during your college days?
Is all knowledge and experience in college obtainable somewhere else?
Where can I find pictures of the girls’ hostel rooms at Birla Global University Bhubaneswar?
What is the best college in Bangalore to study B.Com at an affordable fee?
Why is 'existential' deemed to be an intelligence? And how is it an asset?
Is it advisable to transfer huge fees to university before gaining visa?
What was the most challenging class you took in college?
Should I study abroad after my B.Com programme from Delhi University (regular)?
What is the difference between JECRC university and college?
Is there any Quoran who did his BTech in biotechnology at an average college and then pursued higher studies abroad and got a job?
Does TISS provide any scholarship for PhD abroad for further studies?
How much does it cost to study in Ivy League colleges?
I've got mechanical at VIT Chennai. How's it to be a mechanical student at VIT? Also, do people from different branches interact?
Is being on the fit team worth it for college applications?
How can I an Indian study in a university abroad?
Which college should I choose for a business degree in finance, Lakehead University, Humber College, or Sheridan College?
Do PG students get a single room in PEC?
Does it matter if I take a premed in my last two years in the university after I transfer from a community college?
What is preventing state school boards from emphasizing skilled trades instead of college preparedness?
How likely will a UC Davis exchange student get to live on campus accommodation?
What will be the overall total expenses for an Indian student studying in Canada for UG courses?
What does it look like, when I did badly my first semester of college then did better my second semester?
How do I make money when I'm only 17 if I'm going to college?
Can I change my college after my first year of B.Tech?
Why would an FL inmate want to be the house man in a dorm every day?
I will turn 18 at the end of my freshmen year at college. What is the experience like for someone who is younger than most people in college?
Is there anyone who studied at Kappans Institute Trivandrum?
Is it a mistake not to go to a university?
How many IIRM students went abroad for studying?
What are the pros and cons of being an Asian student in an American Ivy League University?
Which is the top culinary college?
Should I take a gap year if I want to apply to MIT?
What is a day in the life of a private school or college professor who lives on campus like?
How can you study abroad for free while attending a UC?
Where can I get an educational sponsor for my on-hold B.Pharm. degree?
How many credits for each core class do you need in college (so I can plan out my AP and dual-credit classes accordingly)?
What is it like to go to a university in Canada, as an American?
Does participating in many clubs have more weight in college applications than, say, two sports?
Do people bunk office for 3 to 4 hours daily, like students do in colleges?
I have been admitted to a University but haven't started yet. Should or shouldn't I use my university's name on a paper as my affiliation?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a HTML5 AngularJS website template for a startup e-commerce app?
What's a summer session in a university?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is the list of things we need when I am joining a hostel?
Is SVCE a good place to study and enjoy college life?
How is NITHM as a college?
How can I study in a hostel if I am sharing my room with 2 other girls?
What are the cons of doing distance learning or pursuing open colleges for post-graduation?
Is it hard to go to college for softball?
What is scarier- phone not reachable when you're in an isolated place or 48 missed calls from mom?
Is Amsterdam anything like the first 10 minutes of the film Hostel (like before they get tortured)?
Which will be best for me, Amrita or VIT, keeping in mind I want studies and college life together?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
Should one take MWF or TTh classes for college?
Can we use phones in the Pala Brilliant Study Centre and hostel?
Is it a bad idea to study abroad in high school if it will delay my graduation?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
Can a NIOS student go abroad for higher studies?
What are some of the facts you want to tell about your college anonymously?
Is it possible to complete a 3-2 engineer program (at Columbia University) while studying economics at your home institution?
What's the best breakfast for an Indian student who have to catch a train at 6am everyday to college?
Is it okay to politely walk out of a seminar or lecture at a university?
I have no interest in my college studies. Should I drop my college?
What will you do if your parents refuse to pay your college first semester fees until you tell your weight and bring it down to their target level?
Why is the food of engineering college hostels bad?
What is your review of Reliance Education's VFX, animation and other small courses?
Are graduate admissions more competitive than undergraduate admissions?
Do colleges allow internship in the first year of college (undergrad)?
When does one become famous in your college life?
Do college students frequently read their professors' papers?
What is the cutoff at MES College?
What things do I need to know about web developing that I would learn in college?
How is life at the Nandagiri Hostel for girls in Mangalore?
What course do I have to complete to go abroad?
How can some college students afford to travel the world while still in college?
What's something that you wish you had known during your freshman year of college?
Can I join a college without having my conduct certificate?
Is it worth it to work while in college or should I wait until I graduate?
How can a CA go to Harvard University?
In the USA, if a student thinks he has been rejected unfairly by an elite university, can she/he sue in court?
How is the hostel life at NIT Surat? How are the food, the washrooms, electricity, student security, etc.?
Is going to college immediately after high school the only option?
What is taught in the first year of college?
For those who went to the same college as their sibling (the ones close in age, like maybe one year), did you stay in the same dorm as your sibling?
Who selects the students who gets accepted to Princeton?
What are all the possible college majors?
Does college have summer classes?
Does IITB offer single hostel room for girls?
Do first year students at Christ College get a summer break?
How we have to attend this college?
Will colleges and universities be debarred from political activities?
Is it possible to migrate from Delhi (IP University) to a college in Nagpur without dropping a year?
Is education really that important for employment in a society in which the majority of people go to college? Isn't work experience more valuable?
Do you have to be smart to major in STEM?
What are the benefits of studying at JIS College of Engineering?
Nearly all of my sisters have gone abroad, but I may not go abroad because of my major. My family often compares me to them. I am lost. What can I do?
How was Balaji Vishwanathan's college life?
Is it possible to take 20-30 courses per semester in college and university?
What is student life like at UCSB?
What skills should I acquire before going to an Engineering college?
What are the top colleges for studying HR abroad?
What universities are the best ones for web-designer/developers?
What are the things I need to carry to the GITAM hostel?
Will the college know if a student hires an admission consultant? Does it really help? I have a feeling it's not fair to people who cannot afford it.
We have only 5 clubs in school, and not all remain active throughout the year. Does that mean I am in a serious disadvantage in college applications?
Out of all the possible college majors, what is the weirdest or most useless major?
How many semesters are there in CSE at GNE College Ludhiana?
How do I make a balance between 75% college attendance and learning modern technologies?
Is there anyone from Algonquin College, Canada?
Which college should one choose for a BBA/BMS - Mount Carmel College or H. R. College of Commerce and Economics?
What is the best phone experience you've had at Shri Ram College of Commerce?
How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?
Which colleges are the best fits for me?
What are some crazy stories from student life at KIIT?
How is life like in an American university or college?
Are stress levels manageable at Amrita University? Also, can you advise me on Bangalore hostel life?
Which accommodation is better for an international postgraduate student in the UK?
What should I do with my creepy neighbor?
Is it easier to transfer to a top school after freshman year (VS High School)?
How can a GMAT student apply for scholarships to study abroad?
What advice would UCLA alumni give to an incoming freshman?
What inspired you to join the AFMC? Was it your first choice?
What do you guys think of the extreme PC sweeping across our nation with these college students and so on?
Is full fee reimbursement available in Muffakham Jah College?
How do I figure out what I want to go to college for?
What is the standard of DAV (PG) College in terms of studying at BHU? Does it provide a hostel facility also? How does it differ from BHU main campus?
I am studying MBBS in a private college. Can I change my college after 1st year and get adimission in 2nd year in a goverment college?
Is it possible to do a pre-med in the US and then apply to another country for specialisation?
How do you feel in school?
How is the hostel life of Gateway College?
Are there any PhD scholarships that are easy to get abroad?
How is a girl’s life in Lady Hardinge College Hostel?
Do gap year students have to face any disadvantage while seeking admission to DIPSAR?
How much does it cost to do an MS abroad?
Is it really difficult for Chinese junior college students to have a good future?
How is the quality of life for undergrad students at Stanford?
How do I start college with no money and no job?
How did you deal with a person who couldn't take a hint and leave you alone?
Which is the best college in Tiruppur?
Is every college big?
What are the procedures to transfer from one college to another (autonomous) when they belong to different universities in Tamil Nadu?
How is student life in Singapore and can they work besides studying?
What do you think of college drop-outs in India?
As an American student taking a gap year to work in Copenhagen, where is a good place to live cheaply?
INTJ parent of ESTP soon to be college student. Am I a horrible parent?
What is your ideal way of spending the last day in college?
What is similarity private and state university?
Pronoy Bhat has done UG studies from which college?
Are there college scholarships available in the US for a student in a low-income family with a high ACT score (35) but an average GPA?
Why do Indian students go for higher studies aboard? Is it for better education quality or something else?
If I took a fulltime semester of college every summer, in how many years will I graduate?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
Why college education requires so much of cramming up?
Will Infosys provide the same batch for the same college students?
What should I do in my MSBTE gap year?
How is the college life at VIT Vellore?
What did you get after you got into college and lost something?
Which can be the best college for BA LLB?
Can I attend MIT school of charm even if I don't go there (Boston College)?
Which is best for doing Engineering, SVCE or Brindavan College?
How do you write a college acceptance letter?
Is a first-year BFA student at Julliard eligible for transfer to Yale or Harvard as an undergraduate?
Is it logical for colleges to look for well-rounded students instead of students with the highest academic honors and achievements?
I've had a 2.0 average since freshman year and I'm going to be a junior next year. Is it too late for me to be accepted into a good college?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
Is Praxis a good idea for college graduates?
I'm very interested in maths, but my country does not provide majors for it. Is it good for me if I study abroad? Where can I go?
Where do I find photos of IGIMS Patna especially the UG hostel rooms?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
What are some ideas for what I can do during my upcoming gap year?
What were your final freshmen grades for the first semester of college?
Which is the best PU college in Dakshina Kannada?
What are some suggestions for a good quality, affordable tenor saxophone for a college student who would like to play again after a long break (5+ years)?
Who are your best friends in college?
After I graduate, I will no longer be eligible to be part of my parents’ life insurance. What is an affordable option for a college student in California?
What is the college timing for a BCA student in Mumbai?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
Do you need a postgraduate degree from an overseas university​ in order to do a doctorate abroad?
What are the good options for studying medicine abroad for an Indian at a low cost, and which are approved by the Medical Council of India?
Can we transfer our internship BDS course from one college to another in India?
Can I change my stream after getting into a college in my first year?
Where can I find some CMI hostel & room pictures?
Is there any 1-semester study abroad program in Sathyabama University?
How dark is college?
What would happen if college students assaulted someone who criticized the university?
Which Indian colleges allow transfers?
What is an aid college?
As a CS student, is it compulsory to carry a laptop at college?
Can a person become a lawyer by going to college?
What are the Telugu minority colleges?
Why shouldn't university/college be for free?
How is Quantum Global Campus as a college?
How big of a roll does the name of a college play in placements? Is it necessary to get admitted to a college that requires a large amount of fees?
Can I live with a person of my choice in a college dorm, regardless of their gender?
Is it better to go to college or university?
What colleges/universities allow male/female roommates in UK?
How should I raise $70000 to study at NYU?
What happened when you went to your first day at school?
How is life at Jonas Hall of Christ University?
Is a hostel stay mandatory for everyone at Ashoka University? I live just 30 minutes away and I don't want to stay in a hostel?
Is it possible for me to change colleges after the 3rd semester?
Why do Cambridge and Oxford universities have multiple colleges?
What is SPJIMR Hostel life like?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Is it better to study at a semester abroad program in Sastra?
Can I take both school and college simultaneously?
What should I do after a B.Tech to study abroad?
What is the typical food budget of the average American university student and what food does that get you?
If a college student is looking for a job, would you recommend them posting flyers around town and in people’s mailboxes?
Would there be any merits (college application-wise) to me teaching a music class to the younger students at my school?
How does a college or university student analyze how he/she reads depending on the academic subject?
Which is best college for IT engineering?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
How are the military engineering services colleges?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
I want to study abroad but I cannot afford a lot. What all options do I have?
No colleges seem to stand out to me, how do I decide which to attend?
How is Sadhana PU College in Bangalore?
Can I study abroad after my 10th grade in India?
Can I quit my college after 1st year and go to different college starting from 1st year again if I am getting a better one?
Are there any scholarships for art students in India for studying abroad?
How can I create my own student honor code?
Is it possible to change my engineering college, after the first year?
What things do you value in a university/college?
How are the UG girls’ hostel, foods, living conditions, cleanliness etc. for IMA (Social Sc) at University of Hyderabad?
How many job opportunities will be lost if I attend FSU over UF for an undergrad in Information Systems?
Do the students of NYU have free access to the university gym?
Is there any chance that we can do MS from elite colleges after taking a drop of one year after graduation?
How is SLS Hyderabad?
Which college has good placements, KMIT, SNIST or MGIT?
I really want to go to KMC Manipal but my family cannot afford it. Should I take a loan or go to a more affordable medical college?
What is the fastest/most efficient way to fill in the bubbles on a Scantron?
Can I include extracurricular activities and achievements that were done after completing high school on a college application?
Does Maitreyi College offer a BTech course?
What College Majors would one have to partake through in order to become a lawyer?
How many (an estimated percentage) junior college transfers does UCBerkeley accept?
Can we change our department after the first year in Thapar university?
Coralie Moller: How would a college/university student analyze on what he/she reads?
Which college is better, UCD or ISU?
What is the deadline for hostel rooms in Chandigarh University?
Which is a more expensive college for a BTech in food tech: TNAU or Sathyabama?
What is the dorm/house culture like at Burton-Judson (BJ) at UChicago?
How hard will it be for me to get into Barnard College?
What is your view about Fleming College?
What are some ragging experiences of girls at LNMIIT and are seniors friendly there?
How would you rank these colleges for B.Tech CSE: MIT Manipal, MIT Jaipur, VIT Vellore, RV Engineering Bengaluru, LNMIIT Jaipur, DAIICT, and Shiv Nader University?
What courses do you recommend to take at a Community College for someone aiming a CS degree from an elite university?
If one wants to try doing business (but have a back-up profession), is engineering with management (at a top British university) worth it or unnecessary?
What is the best type of private loan for a poor adult to take out to go back to college in the US?
Is it better to get admission in a college or university in Canada?
How are the hostel facilities in SRM Easwari College?
Should I pursue my aspiration to study abroad in the UK?
How is SRK University Bhopal & its education quality and college system?
What's an affordable and fun city to live after college?
For well-rounded students who win 1st Place at Intel ISEF, how does college admissions go? Is it easier?
What is the difference between applying for early admission or applying as a freshman for college, and which is better to do?
What are the benefits of studying at the University of Texas at Tyler?
Why did SRK leave Hansraj College and waste his mother's hard-earned money?
Which NUS dorm is most recommended for international freshman?
Do you know anyone who got 45 in IB? What do you know about them?
Why does every faculty​ suggest that students fully enjoy their college life but without compromising their studies?
How is the BIMTECH girls hostel?
Which is more beneficial, staying in my hometown or moving an hour away for college?
I'm taking a gap year after I finish A-Levels. What can I do in this time to improve my university application?
Should I join the family business or go abroad for a masters in management?
Is getting into a really reputed college like IITs or IIMs, important?
Is there a way an F-1 student in their graduating semester can take a 4 credit class online (summer semester) and have the credits transferred over?
I'm starting college this year and I'll be majoring in Chinese and English. How can I get ready for those two majors over the summer?
Is it possible to take graduate level courses in US colleges without being admitted to the college?
How is DSE (Delhi University), in terms of academic pressure?
Is UC Berkeley a good school for a pre-med track?
How is college life at WVU Tech?
What should I do if I took a month off college and need to explain it now?
Why is it that the IIT student culture seems to be not focused on studies?
Is living in a university dorm in the UK a horrible experience?
Can I do CA with regular CA college?
Where is a good place to live in Boston to get away from partying college kids and is decently priced?
What do I need to know to avoid 'culture shock' if I want to study abroad?
Even a year after graduating from college, I still regret not having done well. Is this normal, and how can I resolve it?
How is the condition of Mangalore university's hostel?
Is there any scholarships that covers 100% of our expenses for studying abroad? The course should be non-professional and at master's level.
What is student life like at the University of Washington?
Which banks in India provide undergraduate diploma loans for studying abroad?
How is it like to live in-residence at the University of New Brunswick? Do you recommend any particular residence?
What do you think about your college life?
If I want to study abroad for MBBS which is the best country?
Why do serving IAS, IPS go for higher studies abroad?
What are the facilities at MIT hostel in AC rooms for freshers?
Why do people pay for college?
Is a college degree necessary in exponential times?
Is it possible to transfer to a top school (Ivy League, Stanford, etc.) from another one or a slightly lower tier one, like UChicago or Duke?
Can I get into a TA /RA at the University of Houston College of Technology in the second semester?
What do you think the most important thing required for college applications is?
How is the attendance scene at HR College Mumbai?
How is being a freshman in college different from being a freshman in highschool?
How is the MGIT College in Gandipet?
Do universities abroad provide scholarships to study for an MBBS? If so, where?
Is it possible that a university will not reply to applicants?
What is harder between finance and economics?
How is life as a CSA on a campus?
For getting into decent colleges, how important is it to take 4 years of high school math?
Which is more economical at DU, hostel or PG?
What are some crazy stories about student life at the IIIT?
Do you miss college?
How is the hostel at Bennett University?
Which is the official study abroad consultant for Ireland universities or institution in Delhi?
If a student of UIUC completes minimum credits and passes out a semester early, will he still need to pay the fee for last/final semester?
How often do you attend M.com classes of Delhi University? Is the attendance necessary to maintain?
Who has gotten into dental school at Arizona State (online)?
How can I get a scholarship to study an MBA abroad?
How is life at the University of Hyderabad campus for an integrated MA student?
Are there any summer schools/courses that I can attend as a college student?
What good think about college?
What is Welbeck Defense Sixth Form College like?
What is it like to be a rich college student?
Is it a good idea to study abroad? What are the good and bad sides of it?
How can I go from a 2.3 to a 3.5 GPA (only completed freshman year in college)?
What are the pros and cons of each freshman dorm at Carnegie Mellon (especially morewood e tower and donner)?
Can someone who graduated from a non top tier school (let’s say ~70% acceptance rate) get into an Ivy League graduate program such as one at MIT?
I dropped out of BDS college and join MBBS college, what can I do?
Will I have free time after college?
What are some of the coolest graduate student clubs at Columbia?
Is there a mental condition that would account for a friend's 20-year-old son dropping out of college and losing interest in absolutely everything?
How many days is college in the UK?
Can we have air coolers in the hostel rooms of Amrita’s engineering college?
While being an international student in America, did you feel any pressure because your English wasn't very "American"?
Do you think that high school courses should be taught at a faster pace?
What are your reviews/opinions on Humber College?
What are some non-STEM related summer opportunities for high school students?
Is there any dress code at UCMS for students?
What is your experience of studying in Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Kodambakkam?
How do I get a scholarship?
How do you get time to understand what is being taught in college?
Is NLUO good in terms of placements and college life or should I take SLS Pune?
How can l make more money in college?
How is Bennett University’s campus?
How is architecture at TKM College of Engineering?
What should I do if not all of my credits from my community college are fully transfered to my new university?
What questions will the interviewer ask me when I take part in the college’s employment opportunities?
Does going to a top-notch junior college in Mumbai really matter in the long run?
Can I get a girlfriend in my second year of college?
How do I get a seat in RBVR hostel (Reddy hostel) in Hyderabad?
How did your classmates react when you got the highest grade?
Does a day scholar miss out on fests and clubs?
What was it like being an American woman who wanted or did go to college in the early 1960s?
What can I do about my stuttering situation as an RA?
What are the government engineering colleges like in Maharashtra, in terms of college life as well as placements?
Can we change colleges in our second year of engineering?
Do you feel that segregation of "Whites" is acceptable on a college campus?
Is it better to do a PhD in India or abroad? Will doing it abroad be difficult?
Is it possible to have a social life and live off campus in college?
What do future mathematicians do differently at university?
Should I still go to college if I'm engaged to a surgeon?
How can I make myself a good candidate for an Ivy League school as a CC transfer?
What is the purpose of visualizing? That brand new car has never come into reality.
Which period is more important for an IITian, preparation or college?
How is St. Mira’s College for Girls, Pune?
Is being a staff member of the supreme student council at our university, helpful for my college application? We organize university-wide activities and other things.
How is the RCC Institute of information technology? Can I get a good, budget hostel with a mess hall near the college?
Which are the scholarships available to Indian students for studying law abroad?
How are college days similar and different to school days? Do we get enough time to waste?
What about an MBBS abroad? Is it good?
Should I major in either philosophy or international development? (undergraduate)
Where is the Jain’s girls hostel in Mumbai?
What would you recommend to a freshman psychology major?
What are the pros and cons of Maharani College, Jaipur?
Is Sha Shib College good?
What tips or advice do you have for a college student studying abroad in Valencia, Spain?
What is better, paying a hefty sum to study in a new private medical college or paying ordinarily to study in a top notch general line college?
What are the best-designed hostel rooms in NIT Trichy? Where do I find pictures of such?
Which university has the biggest area under its campus?
How does a college/university student analyze someone’s statements, written and oral, based on other information, according to Barbara Hughes?
I am going to participate in an early college program next year. My GPA is 3.6 but I still don't think I'm good enough. How hard are college classes?
What are some tips for my freshman year of High School?
Is there a way I can get back into college?
What are the most mind-numbing and mind-twisting instruction experiences you have experienced in your college education?
What is the best motto and slang for a college technical club?
How is the ISM college of Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan for Indian students?
Does college matter in order to get a good career?
Which is better for engineering, studying in one’s hometown or studying in a hostel?
How was your experience at U of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school? What is the average grade in most classes?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of doing an MBA abroad? (I am Indian.)
I'm thinking of going to college in either Canada or the UK. What is your advice?
What are the hostels and campus of KGMU like? Are there any AC rooms?
What are some famous colleges in England?
Do community college courses give you the same GPA boost as AP courses for the UC weighted high school GPA?
Was your MBA experience academically satisfying?
What should a wannabe logician take in university undergraduate?
How common is it for Americans to work while they are studying in college?
Should I transfer from Western to U of T to study math?
Should I practice my art before going to college?
How is the P.G. girl’s hostel in JJMMC, Devangere?
I have a 2.3 GPA from my freshman year in college. What should be my next step?
How is life for a women studying in NLSIU? How is the hostel facility?
How is the college life at Mount Carmel College, Bangalore?
What do you prefer between Canadian colleges and universities as both are providing same courses? Which is better job wise college or university?
Am I wrong for postponing going to college because I'm terrified of debt?
What are the scholarships available for studying abroad from India?
What are the reasons you like (or don't like) Velammal?
Can a +2 commerce student go abroad for doing BA?
How are Italian students perceived abroad?
What is the hardest/easiest college math basic?
How is the food at SRM Easwari College hostel?
Do I have to go to a college before I go to the University in Canada?
What is the written test all about in Christ College for PUC?
How do I live with the fact that I did not study at a good college? How do I break the feeling of mediocrity?
Would you dislike your private tutor if he or she resigned due to a heavy workload at university?
Can I take admission in US (UG) as a freshman next year if I will be attending 1st year UG in India this current year?
What's the thing you hate about your engineering college the most?
What will be the selection of colleges if I get 38,000 in JEXPO?
What are some minimalist wardrobe ideas for college going students?
Which is the most “happening” university in Indonesia for intellectually rigorous and confident conversations on weighty issues?
What was your journey from being an ordinary person to a brilliant programmer in college life?
Does every high school and college have an honor code?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
What is the most significant moment in your life that would be completely insignificant to anyone else?
Which residence halls are NYU's oldest residence halls?
What does the MIT fraternity tEp lose out on from not being on the Red Line?
What is DIT Dehradun like?
I want to open a cultural club in my college. What steps should I take?
Can an IES officer go for higher studies abroad?
How did you become stronger in mathematics?
What do Ethiopians say about Goldsmith University?
What must an undergraduate pre-med student do to greatly strengthen his/her extracurriculars?
How is hostel life at NUST? Is it better to live in a private hostel?
What should I wear for a college function?
It is going to be my first year at KIIT. What luggage should I take with me?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
Which is a better college for a BBA, IBCS of SOA University or KSOM of KIIT University?
Which is cheaper, living in a dorm and paying less for college or living at home but pay for an expensive college?
Can a first year college student participate in the IOI?
Can I take up a job abroad and then study there again?
Which is the best university for psychology teachers, Columbia University in New York or University College in the UK?
How can I stop feeling so confused?
What's your best study method at college/university?
Is it worthwhile to go abroad and study and then practise in Mumbai?
Are there people who think their hostel is better than their home?
Is the Mechano-Informatics department of the University Of Tokyo an undergraduate course, and if yes, is it a robotics oriented career?
How is KIIT hostel life for 1st year students?
Is it advisable to take a gap year after Alevels if a student doesn't meet the requirements and may study the subject in the gap year?
Should I drop out of college to become a pro boxer?
Did you find non-credit language courses at a community college to be benificial?
Is there a semester-abroad program for students studying biotech at SASTRA University?
How is BMSCE Bangalore in terms of placements, studies, atmosphere, personality development, and everything about the college?
If I score badly in my first year in DU (say college A), can I withdraw from A to repeat the year in another DU college B?
What advice is best for a young (21) foreign professional who really wants to attend university, but doesn't have enough money to do so?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
Is making the dean's list in college a big deal?
Should we pay donations and fees every year for architecture college?
How do Ivy League colleges see people who transfer without an A.A.?
What is the best place to hide contraband (say an iPad) in a dorm room during an unanticipated (you have half an hour only) room inspection?
Where are some good places to go on a gap year, what should I do, and how expensive will it be?
What should I do if university spoiled my life?
How can we study abroad without much money?
Could foreign students take Fudan University undergraduate courses that is in Chinese for four years?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
It takes forever for YouTube to load in our college at Delhi University. Which network provides the fastest data speed in our college?
Do you have pictures of your first day school?
What about Nagarjuna College of Engineering?
What are common room/dormitory at Manipal hostel?
Is it possible to live on-campus while studying all or most courses virtually?
What if I went to college but withdrew with a low GPA, but now I want to go back?
I’m in danger of falling below a 2.0 GPA at UC Berkeley after finishing my freshman year. What are my options to improve?
What are the advantages of going abroad for a schoolyear?
Has anyone been shortlisted for DIAT 2017? What are your views about choosing this college?
Which are some decent engineering colleges in India that give admission through the management quota? (Read description.)
Should I do polytechnic or graduation from a government college after dropping one year after 12th?
How do I study well in my college after not getting into any IIT/NIT?
Who is responsible for making the course syllabus and credits at various colleges?
Is that true that the Delhi University members who will check our papers will easily give us the marks because it is our last year?
Is St Mary's college in Hyderabad co-ed?
How do I explain that I'm not returning to college next semester?
Should I drop out of college and become a full-time freelancer?
Where does the fee collected by colleges for re-examination go?
What is the best subject to study at a university to help me find a job abroad (USA or Western Europe) and immigrate?
What are the scholarships for MBBS graduates for pursuing their MD abroad?
Is there any college in Pune where attendance is not necessary?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
How should I prepare myself for the ThoughtWorks college placements? Explain in detail.
How do you take a gap year before UC Berkeley?
Is it possible for first year SRM students to stay outside the hostel? How will I find roommates, and would it be cheaper than the hostel?
What are some of your best frat party stories?
What are some useful tips for students starting their first semester at UNLV?
Does applying earlier to college (in the US) help?
What are the benefits for a college to stay linked with a university?
Can I go abroad for my master's degree with a 62% in 12th class?
Is Northwest Suburban College genuine?
How is Jain University in terms of dress code and hostel life?
How do I apply for the Duff Hostel, Kolkata? And how good is it?
Is a 3.0 GPA in college bad?
Does IGDTUW provide a hostel facility for NCR students?
What would happen if I missed my first semester Calicut University exam?
Does Bakliwal have a hostel?
Do Punjabi's think that if you fail to go abroad, then you are unsuccessful?
How would you explain co-induction to your average college student?
What are disadvantages for gap year students in DU?
How are the hostel rooms, food and faculty at AIIMS as compared to engineering IITs?
How do underage Americans manage to get alcohol for their college parties, and not get caught?
What are the college facilities for RMSIT?
Is Berkeley better than Middlebury for an economics undergraduate, or should I take a gap year and try for an Ivy League, which rejected me this year?
Can the top colleges in Bangalore like RV, BMS, PES, and MSRIT help a student to develop his skills, or should a student follow their (college's) schedule?
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
Why is GITAM starting college so early, on 14th June? When will the first holiday season be?
Is there a way F-1 students can take a 4 credit online class & have the credits transferred over during a summer semester if it's the graduating sem.?
Which is the best college Dhan Mepco?
Is the College Board good or bad for education?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Where is the best country to Brazilians study abroad in Europe?
How is Bennett University?
What are the truths that you discover after graduating from college?
Which is the best hostel in Hyderabad?
How is the hostel facility at Amity at the Bangalore campus?
Is the university or college important to become rich or successful?
How are the hostels at M.S. Ramaiah Medical College? Are there curfews? Does anyone have a picture of their room?
What should you learn before moving out for college?
What are your craziest campus stories?
What are some easy cooking recipes that you used in college?
How do I make the most out of my final year in University​?
Will failing a general education class in my freshman year hurt me in the long run?
What can you do take to make your college life more productive?
What will be the effect of GST on the life of a common Indian Student?
Is GMC, Mumbai overrated?
How is the career after doing hotel management from IHM PUSA? How is the student life and facilities provided to the students in the hostel?
What is campus relations incharge?
How do I deal with people who are telling me I can’t do something.
Is an internship necessary for studying a master’s in history abroad?
What are the criterias of studying abroad, post graduation?
Why do colleges force students to take Gender Studies courses?
Are private universities in Georgia better than public universities?
How does going to a college change a person's life?
Is going to college in the US and starting your life in deep debt really worth it? Should I go to college in Europe?
How good is mechanical at Saveetha College Thandalam?
What are the differences in opportunities and life at Washington University in St. Louis when compared to the Ivy League schools?
Is maths compulsory for studying in Australia? If it is compulsory, then what can I do to go abroad?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Has anyone studied in St Agnes College, Mangalore, or is a student present?
What is the prerequsite knowledge that a student must have before joining the Shailesh J Mehta School of Management?
IFMR is said to be very reliable in academic terms, but do they have a sports facility in the college?
What is it like to be an Ivy League graduate student?
How are IISER TVM Vithura campus’ hostel rooms?
What is it like studying as a international student at the university of Grenoble?
How is Chinmaya Naada Bindu different from other music colleges?
Can I study law at Harvard University without mathematics?
Does Lady Shri Ram College have prospects for sports?
What are outside-college opportunities in Jaipur?
Is it compulsory to take mess facility with hostel in NIT Jamshedpur for locals?
What is the best college for a quality audit course?
According to Atul Roy, what are the mistakes that a 1st year college student should avoid while preparing for CSE?
Has anyone ever transferred from UC Berkeley to UCLA successfully?
What are the pros and cons of hostel life at PSG Tech?
Do the renowned business schools in the US (like the Ivy League schools) prefer the applications of engineers more than those of the commerce graduates from India?
Where do Ivy League graduates end up living?
What are the things that I should carry for my first day at Christ University?
How do I find the motivation to study in the last semester?
What is the study of music like at Middlesex University?
Where can I volunteer abroad in Honduras as a PreMedical Student or PreNurse Student?
What are some best engineering branches to choose for introverts?
What is the best network in St. Stephens's College?
Can anyone study at college and also earn a living for oneself in India without their parents' support?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
What companies pay you to go to college?
What is stopping you from pursuing your dream to study abroad, especially in the USA? Are there any questions you would like to see answered?
Which college does Hrishabh Upadhyay study in?
How is the ragging scenario at IIIT Bangalore?
Is Michigan a good state to live in and go to college?
Can we go outside Amrita University on weekends as hostellers?
What is the best advice you could give, in hindsight, to a college student to maximize the financial possibilities that you wish you would have done?
Is it possible to graduate from undergraduate college debt-free?
What should I do as my charitable contribution that will make me stand out in the college admission process?
Can I get a respectful internship at NASA as a college student?
Which is the best girls hostel in Kolkata?
If your overall GPA is a B+ but your final is an A, would top colleges be okay with it?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
Will I have to do my first year again if I change my branch by taking the JEE again in my first year for the same college?
How was your college life as a computer engineering student in India?
Is a TC (transfer certificate) from college important for applying for a job abroad?
How can I apply for admission into SV Agricultural College in Tirupati?
How was your experience at the University of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school?
How did your life change after studying in North Campus, Delhi University?
Is there any way to change your college for any other institution running under the UPTU for a BTech in CSE for a 4th semester passed student?
What is the best RTU college in Jaipur?
What is the worst phone experience you've had at the Manipal college of Dental Sciences?
Can I study in abroad in the Netherlands after my 10th class from India?
Should I take a year off from college to develop some deep pursuits?
I am 21 and have only just started attending college. I recently got my GED and got accepted into college with good scores. Is it okay to be this late?
Did you against all odds get into an Ivy League school?
Is UCLA better than USC?
What is the ladies’ hostel like at ITER in Bhubaneswar?
How good is Sona College, Salem?
What have English majors at UCSB done after graduating?
Were you unschooled and still ended up going to college?
Can I get into a CS course in a college if my GPA is low?
What do you think about those students who study MBA from small town colleges?
Does ragging take place in NITs, even in 2017?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
For a college student, what are some tips for success?
Where do I find a good video production company for an upcoming fest that is going to be held in our college?
Is 18 credits too much for my 1st semester of college?
What is it like to study at Innopolis University as a foreign student?
What is your review of International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar (IIIT Bh)?
Is college way too expensive today?
How long do/did you take doing homework in your freshman and sophomore year of highschool?
How many colleges are counted under JCECEB?
Is post graduate PG enough for teaching in college?
What happens if you report bullies in college? What does the school do to take action?
Can I go to the USA/Canada even if I am from a local college in Tamil Nadu?
Does Christ college gives lot of assignments after college for MBA students? Do they give them everyday? How much time does it take to complete them?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How do I get over tough times and the burden of the two most important and difficult courses in college?
Can Cambridge students study in libraries not of their own college on a regular basis?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What should I do in the summer vacations of my 1st year in college?
What was your college major? Did you enjoy it?
Do college applicants for prestigious universities stay the same each year?
What was the most useless course been taught to you at college?
Does any of you feel that a hostel is a better place than your home?
What is the best time table of each day in summer vacation for a college student?
Is there a hostel facility available at Semi-Conductor Laboratory for those students who get a chance to pursue their projects there?
How is Pana PU college, Mangalore?
What's the best masters degree to do after u have completed BCom+acca?
What are the best places to study plant biology abroad?
How is Mahesh PU College in Nagarbhavi?
How is De Montfort University for an M.Sc in mechanical engineering?
Can I take a cooler and a TV in my hostel room at NITT?
Which college is the best dual degree colleges in the world?
How was the first day at medical college?
Is IGRUA tough?
Are there any scholarships abroad for Indian students of the class X CBSE?
As an Indian CA, which foreign colleges will be best for an MBA?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
Is ragging really necessary for senior-junior interaction? Aren't there any alternatives other than ragging for "interaction"?
A+ average students what does a weeks schedule generally look like for you?
Who do you think is/was the most popular guy of your college and how would you explain his popularity?
How can I get to study at top universities abroad while doing my engineering in India?
What would you choose between an Ivy League college or some not-so-bad private college in India, considering the cost and everything?
What is your hostel experience like at St. Stephens, Delhi?
Why do Arabian universities teach coding on a paper?
Which college should I attend after 10th?
What do I need to do to please college recruiters?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
How bad will my wacky math grades look in college applications?
What is the worst college campus for SJW's? Where do they have the most power?
What is the best way to study science and music together in the years preceding college?
Why do I like eating too much?
When does spring break start for college students?
How is life at the KIIT campus?
Why doesn't place (college) matter when studying CS?
What should one do if they feel really stupid and dream to be a physicist and scientist?
How do teachers deal with class clowns?
Are there any other scholarships like the Charpak Scholarship for Indian undergraduate students?
Will my college rescind my admission?
Is it good studing MBBS in abroad?
How do people decide which college to attend?
What is your opinion about hostel life?
Can service members attend religious colleges for free?
What sort of crisis is Walchand College of Engineering going through?
Where can I find multiple college scholarships online?
Should I take a gap year after my high school?
What are some do's and dont's when making a college application?
As I was suffering from depression, I had to drop out from college. I passed high school in 2012. Can I join any college as a freshman for physics?
What are the qualities of best hostel warden for school?
Can I study abroad with a full scholarship and accommodation because my financial condition is not good?
What is it like in Subodh College?
What constructive things can we learn in the holidays between the school and college which will be helpful in the long run?
What are the easiest subjects to take in the first year of college?
Do international students in Ivy League universities in the US get as well paying jobs as their American counterparts?
How is Seshadripuram Composite PU College in Bangalore?
Do you learn less from your fellow students if you attend a less prestigious (academically rigorous) college? Are the students less interested in learning?
I am on the verge of getting dropped out of college, what should I do to prevent it?
Is taking three college science classes difficult?
Should I transfer to another university in another city if my current university doesn't meet my expectations?
How is Seth GS Medical College in Mumbai? How would you rate the faculty, hostel facilities, and campus life?
How are medical colleges in the Caribbean?
How is the gym at IHM Pusa?
How is KIIT in terms of college life and extracurricular activities?
Is it better to study abroad or in Vietnam?
What is the best way to help my son in pre-med university?
Is Emerson College or the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism better to attend?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
What exactly do I have to do to study in the USA? Is it only my SAT examination or is there anything beyond that which should be considered?
Can anybody assist me with an application to study abroad?
How does it feel to live in Delhi as a DU north campus college student?
Where are some pics of the IGRUA hostel rooms and campus available?
How do I get a civil engineering job for the time being, while preparing to go for higher studies abroad?
How long do you have to study daily on average as a mathematics student at an Ivy League university?
What are the college timings at Vidya Mandir PU college?
Why do professors insist on having an exam on an exact day at an exact time?
How does International Affiliations of colleges help the students?
Is there a difference between college life in Delhi and Jaipur? What is the difference between college students in Delhi and Jaipur?
When do Harvard students (including graduating seniors) move out of dorms?
Is it better to take a gap year or get into college and prepare for the 2018 JEE simultaneously? My parents don’t want me to take a gap year.
How can I become prepared financially before going back to my university?
Should I go straight into law school after undergrad or take about a year or two off to get some work experience and volunteer work done?
Is it better to study MBBS abroad or in one's own country?
What do colleges like NYU, Cornell and Northwestern look for in transfer students? Is it easier to get in as a freshman or as a transfer?
Do you have any tips on how you can manage college debt once you graduate?
Where did you go for foreign exchange, and why would you recommend that I go there?
What is the scope in BBA after college? In this field, dies college matter in placement? Is it good to get a high placement abroad for post graduation?
Is it worth being in a six figure debt to study abroad?
Is it better to change a PU college or try to solve the problems within the same college?
Where do students hangout the most in Kochi?
Can I study law in India and do further studies abroad?
How much did professors study when they were undergrads?
Where will five-star La Lumiere (Ind.) wing Brian Bowen go to college next?
If your college professor falls in water, based on what you learn in your major, would you be able to save your teacher?
How do I know whether my university/college is an autonomous university or not?
Which is currently the best place to study abroad after engineering?
Where are the safest areas to live near Johns Hopkins for a graduate student?
Where can I find people to do my university assignments?
How do college students in the Boston area generally think about students from NEU?
What are kids fresh out of college doing?
How was/is your hostel life as a boy?
What should my curriculum be comprised of to go to an Ivy League School? Essentially, how many APS should I take?
What are the best answers for "why do want to study in our college"?
What are the advantages of going to a newer university?
Is it okay to be alone in college?
Will colleges like Velammal allow students to learn out of the box?
Why should I move to Canada to attend university?
What are the events to be conducted in college?
What are the college timings of MES PU college?
Is it worth trying to get a job in your hometown just 2 months before you move away to college?
How can I write a leave application for college?
QB released the College Prep Scholars decision. How competitive is it now that in 2017, 12,000 juniors applied but only 3,700~ were accepted?
Are pre-college programs related to pre-med subjects useless or will they really help a lot in the future?
Does Ragging happen in AIIMS?
Should I drop college without paying the full fees of a BDS course?
Which is better at the undergrad level, media studies from India or abroad?
How do I apply for Jain College Pre-University courses?
How do I upgrade my college results?
How should I write a budget in college?
Do your relationships from your college days matter so much in the future?
Can you use a college algebra credit for a non-technical major at most 4-year universities?
What are some of the perks of getting into a college?
What is the quality of hostel in KIIT?
Is AAFT College good for design​?
What are the pros and cons of staying on campus in college?
Can you become a lawyer by attending a college in Canada or can it only be done by attending a university?
How does King’s College compare with Oxbridge?
In which country can I get a master's in bel canto abroad after graduating from a conservatory of music in China? Which is the most expensive? Which is the cheapest?
Are rooms available for students in Lalpur?
If I fail out of a pretty good university, what are my options for potentially transferring to another college?
Is it advisable to return to India after completing Bachelors from abroad?
What should be my choice stream in college so that it's beneficial in the next four years?
What colleges accept ACE credit?
What are the reasons to go to the University of Florida versus going to the University of Wisconsin?
Can I get scholarship for studying abroad to pursue MBA from Ireland?
Are the University of Washington students happy?
For management studies which is better, IIM or abroad?
Do colleges care about community service?
Is it the college/university that makes a difference in a student's life, or is it the student himself/herself that makes the difference?
What is it like for a college student to suddenly realize he is a tech billionaire? How does their behavior change?
What are some colleges in Milan with credits that are transferable to a U.S. college?
What are the facilities at IIHM hostel? Could you please send a picture?
Does VIT University send students abroad for small educational trips?
Is Vasvi a good college, and does it have good interviews?
Is a BFTech degree recognized abroad? What are some good foreign colleges for an MFTech?
What community college classes can I take as a pre-requisite for International Relations at UC Berkeley?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad (MBA or master degree) in Europe for people outside of Europe?
Do you agree that university/college should be free for families that can’t afford to pay for their kids’ education?
What medical tests are required to study abroad?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
What are the feelings about studying abroad in China?
Is it still worth studying Economics, when the entire world is shifting towards Computer Science and AI?
How can I graduate college in one year with 66 credit hours?
How can a college student make a considerable amount of money with platforms like YouTube?
Are mobiles allowed in Kalasalingam University hostels?
Can CA and regular college be beneficial?
Will there be ragging in biochemistry?
Does Christ Junior College teach French from the start?
How can I be cool in college?
What are the criterions for a GMAT student to get a scholarship to study abroad?
Is it possible for me to change colleges if I have a KT?
Is failing and repeating the first year of college something to be ashamed of?
How do I become better at organising my university life?
Should I change my course and college?
How can I get into advertising without any type of experience or college?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
I'm 18 (student college, male) and I am falling in love with guy student too in my college. Am I gay?
How do I apply in Gujrat colleges?
What is the reputation of KGMC abroad?
Should I stay in university or go to a community college?
Did your college studies helped you in your journey to success?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
How does a guy studying in a college affiliated to VTU get a top notch internship abroad or otherwise?
How's R.C. Patil, and how come I get the picture of the campus and hostel of cosmetic technology?
What are some combinations of college majors for the future?
Should I go to Wash U or Berkeley for pre-med?
Should I take a gap year to pursue my interests?
Is it possible to double-major in biology and philosophy, while taking the required premed courses, and still graduate in four years?
How is campus life at Calcutta Medical College?
What are the pranks and masti that engineers, especially girls, do during their hostel lives?
How can a student enjoy his student life?
How difficult is it to transfer to an Ivy from a CC?
Is ragging still prevalent in government medical colleges?
Should I choose a local college over a prestigious college because my parents believe that I won't be able to survive hostel life?
What is the youngest age that someone can go to college?
Which is better for engineering: autonomous college or university?
When transferring from a community college to a university, should I take 75 credits to receive a 2-year degree and meet transfer requirements, or take 60 to receive a non 2-year degree?
What advice would you give to incoming freshmen at Howard University?
How do you make the most of college/university?
Is doing an apprenticeship a good idea after college and before university?
What are the non-AC 3-seater rooms like at KIIT’s boys’ hostel?
How is Patkar College?
Can I transfer to a new school for my final semester?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Why are so many Indian students going abroad for their higher education?
How is Banasthali?
Which is the better place to study abroad: Malaysia or India?
Can I transfer to another college in Pune?
What is a student exchange?
What kind of reputation does NY’s Dominican College have?
Is it a bad sign if I'm already dreading attending college at UC Berkeley?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
Are outsiders allowed to stay with students in IIM hostels? I mean apart from the married student dorm or something.
Should I go to America for an exchange program?
How can I go to college in the UK, as an undergrad?
Do you think it is okay to take out about 20k in student loans for one academic year for UF?
Where can I earn 15 university credits (15 EC/EU Credits) in marketing/strategy/business administration between now and September, online or in EU?
What was your worst phone experience in Andhra University?
How was your first year in college/university?
Should I attend UCSB or University of Washington for humanities?
Is it advisable to create your own uniform at college?
Which college should I join: BBD or Ramswaroop?
Where do TISS Mumbai students live who don’t get hostel on campus? What are the charges to stay off campus?
Which are the best private campuses in Jaipur WRT, for the education and campus life?
What can I do in my current college (NYU) that will make me just as competitive for jobs as someone who went to an elite school (like Harvard)?
What is a tight end in college football?
Is it possible for a college student to study abroad fully depending on herself?
What are the things that an Indian student must keep in mind in order to get into the leading universities abroad?
When should we report to KIIT if our first year classes start on July 19th?
Which Chennai colleges do not care about attendance?
Which college in Mumbai would be the best to apply to for journalism (undergrad) if I am keen on going abroad and settling there for my post-grad?
Would you consider a 2-year gap from college a big deal, or would it have been better to go to college as soon as I graduated from high school?
How is student life at the GL Bajaj Institute of Technology, Noida?
Should a middle class boy go to study abroad?
Which country is better for study abroad among France, Germany and Switzerland?
Would working in an NGO look good on my college applications?
I'm unhappy at a women's college. Should I stick it out?
In Patna University, is transferring from one college to another allowed?
Which is better for a first-year student at RVCE - living in the hostel or a PG?
What is best place to live off campus RMIT? Please answer in reference to foreign student.
What is the hostel allotment process at CUSAT for other state candidates in their 1st year?
Would it be good to pursue my medical studies abroad?
Can a medium family aspirant get into studying abroad for an undergraduate degree?
Are you happy with your college?
What kind of experience is it when studying at Dalian University?
Who is having a funny life after college?
How should I explain why I took a gap year after 12th?
Can a Columbian student take classes at NYU Tisch?
What is the whole agenda of going through an educational atyaachar for the better part of your youth and college years if we have to suffer later, too?
What is the college criteria for applying to a foreign university?
I am terrified of taking a class at the university I attend. Should I take the class at a community college instead?
Which is the better option for first-year housing at Williams College, Mission Park or Frosh Quad?
How good is ISBF hostel?
How safe is the DU hostel for girls?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Is it worth going abroad for a masters degree after graduating in English?
What are the colleges that provide scholarships in AP based on the PGECET?
Are colleges like RV, PES, MSRIT, or BMS helpful in developing a student's skills, or must a student follow what is said in the college and schedule?
Can I join an LLB course at another college after completing a BBA?
Who has been the worst student in all the college courses you've ever taken?
How do I study psychology abroad after 12?
What is the IIT's reputation like abroad?
What did Tom Morello study at college?
Is 1180 on the SAT good for a college like MSU? What are my chances?
How do I transfer into Princeton University?
What are the best places in abroad to study plant biology?
What is it like to study in a co-ed school?
Can I join the rangers, and go to college, at the same time?
How was your first day at MUJ?
Is Vaishampayan College in Solapur good?
What college major should I go for?
Which is better, Purnima College of Engineering or Mody University?
Is there any advantages for applying to colleges lower than your qualifications?
How is the hostel life at Shiv Nadar University for freshers?
Is NIT Delhi good for CS? How is hostel life and sports culture?
How is the college life in IP colleges?
What could be the things that I might have to keep in mind while forming a Bhangra society in college?
Can I do track in college if I didn’t do it in high school? If I can, how can I prepare for it?
Which university is better regarding the quality of life in the city and the condition of the dorms, Suzhou University or Shanghai Normal University?
What is some advice to handle a double major in college?
Does IISER Mohali give one room for one student during a BSMS course or do students need to share their room with other student as well?
What's it like to study at Vassar College?
What is the cutoff for Easwari College?
What are the most important skills to have in college life?
Should you break up with a girlfriend/boyfriend solely because of beginning college?
As a college student, what steps should I take to begin investing?
What is the typical day routine of a student at XLRI-J?
I'm turning 20 this year. I dropped out of high school but I got my GED shortly after. Should I go to college? Is college worth it?
What can l do at Stanford university?
How exactly does a child get accepted into college while young? Isn’t there a certain amount of credits that need to be attained to graduate?
What do you think about Thiyagaraja College?
What are the curricular activities required for aerospace to study abroad after appearing for ACT?
What is life like in IITs?
How do I access the University of Chicago’s Joe and Rika Mansueto Library without being a student there?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
Can foreign exchange high school students in the USA go to college/university later?
What do girls think of a boy who is made fun of by everyone in college?
What kind of account should I be putting money into during college? (US Resident/Student)
Should I opt for a single or a shared room in my engineering college hostel?
How do you know which undergrad school you belong in?
What college should I go to if I want to be an astrophysicist? Which college will I get for a BSc in Physics?
Why is the first day at ALLEN Kota held on a Sunday?
Is Columbia University better than Washington University in St. Louis at computer science?
What are the placement conditions in Sinhgad College?
What are some of the most unforgettable experiences at college?
What questions should I ask the college professors?
Everybody in my class is just so cringe-worthy. How can you have fun by yourself in a class?
Which junior college is better for MOC in Visakhapatnam?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
How is hostel life at IIITD?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
Are there any types of ragging cases at the JECRC college?
What is the true meaning of study in our college?
How does West Point compare to other colleges and Ivy League schools?
Does a gifted child get any benefits for their college studies?
How is life at DMCH?
Does anyone get to know that you are a management quota student in Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune?
What is dorm life like at IIM-A?
Can I take college and school simultaneously?
Is a 3.6+ GPA after my freshman year at Harvard a reasonable mark relative to my cohorts?
Is New Horizon College fun?
How can I do my higher studies in medicine abroad?
What are some of the most useful college majors that don't have to do with math/science?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
If I am sure about taking a program from the community college, should I do the prerequisites/generals in a 4-year university or do them at college?
Does anybody inquire for caste reserved students in college?
How can I possibly hope to succeed in college given that my personality is very unorganized?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
Is taking a fifth year after high school truly a waste of time?
How is the hostel’s mess food menu at NSIT Delhi?
What are suitable laptops for college students, especially for business majors?
Is George Brown College a good choice for foreign students?
Which IIT campus has the best hostel facilities?
How is your college life?
How do I get an international student loan in Malaysia for studying abroad?
After college, why does it feel like you have no meaning in life though you do have?
How can I find a girl’s PG or hostel near Herald College Kathmandu?
Is it possible to transfer credits from an MSCS at SDSU to an MSSE at SJSU after the first semester?
What is the eligibility to study abroad for MBBS?
How do I sell my books in College Street, Kolkata?
How are the UG girls’ hostel, foods, living conditions, cleanliness etc. for IMA (Social Sc) at University of Hyderabad?
If a stellar student is accepted at an Ivy League school but parents will not contribute their portion, will the school give more aid to the student?
Do students from top universities often understand the taught courses faster than those in average universities?
How is life at VIT Chennai?
What is the best part about going to college in Denver?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
Why were The Deane Twins, Brittany Deane and Briana Deane fired from Sweetbriar College?
Should I go to college just because I want people to be proud of me or look at me in a certain way even though I really don't have a desire to go?
How would you describe each and rank each of the first year dorms at Carnegie Mellon?
What is the college major that will most likely make me rich?
Should I be self-conscious about going to an Ivy League school?
How do I visit colleges far away?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
What is different about Ravenshaw University?
Which choice should I make, university credits plus GPA improvement or community college?
Which university/college is the best for Pre Medical degree?
Is someone who is on antidepressants for two years really fit for college?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
How do I build my passion in accountancy?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
What is the best thing about hostels in IISc?
How many Ivy League graduates graduated from their top elite university maybe a decade ago, and are super wealthy today?
How can one use the Internet in an NSIT hostel during the first year?
Do first year students get hostels at NIT Raipur?
Should I choose McGill University or the University of Waterloo for my computer science bachelor’s degree?
How had been your experience of travelling to a foreign country for the first time for college (specifically USA)?
What are the options after doing a BCA in India? I want to do a postgraduate abroad.
If you become a college freshman again, what course would you take?
If I want to go into law school what should I be looking for in a college to complete my gen ed requirements?
Is Bangalore Institute of Technology a good college in terms of placement, opportunities, and campus? What are some examples of jobs offered, packages, and campus details?
Is it hard to transfer to Wesleyan as a rising junior?
Dropping out of college or Continue?
Which company gives the fastest data in NIT, Durgapur?
If I'm staying in GNITS’ hostel, can I go off campus after college?
What do you do when you don't reach the college of your dreams, which you worked hard for, and your college now meets none of your expectations?
Why is it so easy to isolate yourself at college?
What was the transition like from college to launching your own company?
How are the reviews of CollegeDekho’s support of students?
Should I attend TCNJ for engineering?
What should I do with my pets when I leave for college?
How is your college/university's hostel mess? (food and ambience)?
I am in college, I want to learn about science, but I also know I want to make movies in the future. What should I major in?
Does studying hard at college matter?
What was life like as an international student in the late 1900s in the USA?
What happens in the first month in GITAM? What do they teach the students of the CSE department? How was your first day? What should I expect?
What is the procedure for get hostel facilities within the campus?
What are the college timings at VNR?
Should it be okay for college professors to use a textbook that they wrote (in a conflict of interest sense)?
What are the additional courses needed to be studied by EEE students while studying in the college?
Does your UG Engineering college matter for your PG abroad?
Should you go to college to learn a skill that you don't care about because you don't think what interests you will get you a good job?
What should we do to apply for abroad studies with scholarship?
Which is the better college, SASTRA or RVC?
What is it like being a teacher for over 25 years?
How do I join a law college after completing the 12th standard?
Which is the best college in Erode?
What is most important about student life?
Are there any universities where students use virtual money for buying stuff around their campus? How does the system work?
Does every college student feel that he got admission to a bad college?
What do you think university students should do during their summer vacation?
When can we start college transfer application?
Is internal sliding possible after first year in NIT Puducherry?
How should an engineering student spend his/her semester break?
What are the levels of education in college?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
How do I improve my chances of getting a transfer from a community college to UCLA or UCB as a math major?
Whats the maximum amount of AP credit that can transfer to colleges?
What is the dorm life like at Manipal University?
How can you become a millionaire during your college days?
Is all knowledge and experience in college obtainable somewhere else?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Where can I find pictures of the girls’ hostel rooms at Birla Global University Bhubaneswar?
Is the verification of my convocation certificate from Mumbai University compulsory if I want to go abroad?
Is KMIT a good college for EIE?
What should I do this summer to improve my college application/fight boredom?
Why is 'existential' deemed to be an intelligence? And how is it an asset?
What is the best college in Bangalore to study B.Com at an affordable fee?
Is it advisable to transfer huge fees to university before gaining visa?
What was the most challenging class you took in college?
How much does it cost to be in a fraternity?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Should I study abroad after my B.Com programme from Delhi University (regular)?
What is the difference between JECRC university and college?
Can I change my final year project name after having submitted it to my college?
Is there any Quoran who did his BTech in biotechnology at an average college and then pursued higher studies abroad and got a job?
Would it be better to take a hostel at agricultural engineering colleges, rather than live outside the hostel? I have heard that hostel life is too noisy and there is no environment to study.
How much does it cost to study in Ivy League colleges?
How are the hostel facilities and faculty in MSRUAS?
I've got mechanical at VIT Chennai. How's it to be a mechanical student at VIT? Also, do people from different branches interact?
Does TISS provide any scholarship for PhD abroad for further studies?
What are the best tech tools for campus life?
Is being on the fit team worth it for college applications?
Is it right to take CS at UIT college?
What does it mean to be a Kluge Scholar at Columbia University?
How can I an Indian study in a university abroad?
Which college should I choose for a business degree in finance, Lakehead University, Humber College, or Sheridan College?
Do PG students get a single room in PEC?
Does it matter if I take a premed in my last two years in the university after I transfer from a community college?
What is preventing state school boards from emphasizing skilled trades instead of college preparedness?
Is a college responsible to inform students about exams?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
How likely will a UC Davis exchange student get to live on campus accommodation?
What will be the overall total expenses for an Indian student studying in Canada for UG courses?
What does it look like, when I did badly my first semester of college then did better my second semester?
How do I make money when I'm only 17 if I'm going to college?
Can I change my college after my first year of B.Tech?
When will the ATKT exams be held this year at CHM College?
Why would an FL inmate want to be the house man in a dorm every day?
Will colleges provide a dorm if I go to med school or grad school if I have no place to stay?
I will turn 18 at the end of my freshmen year at college. What is the experience like for someone who is younger than most people in college?
Is there anyone who studied at Kappans Institute Trivandrum?
Can international students work outside of the college in the U.S.? How can they get an on-campus job in the U.S.?
What are the college timings in PSG’s engineering college?
Is it a mistake not to go to a university?
What is special about the institutions of technology and the other colleges?
How many IIRM students went abroad for studying?
What are the pros and cons of being an Asian student in an American Ivy League University?
Which is the top culinary college?
Should I take a gap year if I want to apply to MIT?
How much will you rate your happiness level for studying in India?
What is a day in the life of a private school or college professor who lives on campus like?
How can you study abroad for free while attending a UC?
Will a university still accept me, if I failed a community college course?
Where can I get an educational sponsor for my on-hold B.Pharm. degree?
How many credits for each core class do you need in college (so I can plan out my AP and dual-credit classes accordingly)?
What is it like to go to a university in Canada, as an American?
Does participating in many clubs have more weight in college applications than, say, two sports?
Do people bunk office for 3 to 4 hours daily, like students do in colleges?
Does being able to pay for college increase my acceptance chances?
What skills should a college student have to make himself different from others?
How is the first day of Medical College?
I have been admitted to a University but haven't started yet. Should or shouldn't I use my university's name on a paper as my affiliation?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a HTML5 AngularJS website template for a startup e-commerce app?
What's a summer session in a university?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
How is Indian student life in Italy. Are there vacancies?
What is the list of things we need when I am joining a hostel?
Is SVCE a good place to study and enjoy college life?
When does a new semester start in a college?
How is NITHM as a college?
How can I study in a hostel if I am sharing my room with 2 other girls?
What are the cons of doing distance learning or pursuing open colleges for post-graduation?
Is it hard to go to college for softball?
How do I decide which major I should take in college?
What is scarier- phone not reachable when you're in an isolated place or 48 missed calls from mom?
Does redoing a class to boost your GPA affect chances at an Ivy League?
Is Amsterdam anything like the first 10 minutes of the film Hostel (like before they get tortured)?
Which will be best for me, Amrita or VIT, keeping in mind I want studies and college life together?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
Should one take MWF or TTh classes for college?
Can we use phones in the Pala Brilliant Study Centre and hostel?
What are some tips for wisely scheduling your freshman year's college classes?
What amount of scholarship can a student expect in PESSAT Bangalore College?
Is it a bad idea to study abroad in high school if it will delay my graduation?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
Can a NIOS student go abroad for higher studies?
What are some of the facts you want to tell about your college anonymously?
What are some college life pro tips?
Is it possible to complete a 3-2 engineer program (at Columbia University) while studying economics at your home institution?
What's the best breakfast for an Indian student who have to catch a train at 6am everyday to college?
Is it okay to politely walk out of a seminar or lecture at a university?
Can a student who just graduated out of college appear for Google Kickstart?
How's Changa University?
What is the experience of students studying for a BSc in St. Ann's College, Hyderabad?
I have no interest in my college studies. Should I drop my college?
What will you do if your parents refuse to pay your college first semester fees until you tell your weight and bring it down to their target level?
Why is the food of engineering college hostels bad?
I wish to pass college but I don't want to attend classes or do the Cornell notes required. What should I do?
Why are some college students so weak that they need crying rooms after their candidate didn't win?
Is it natural to get turned on when teaching girls in college?
What is your review of Reliance Education's VFX, animation and other small courses?
Are graduate admissions more competitive than undergraduate admissions?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Do you want to study medical from abroad?
Do colleges allow internship in the first year of college (undergrad)?
When does one become famous in your college life?
I'm studying abroad in Virginia (W&M) next year, does anyone have any tips or advice for someone from England?
Do college students frequently read their professors' papers?
Will having a student conduct strike for being in the presence of marijuana prevent me from being able to transfer to another university?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are the differences between college life and corporate life?
What is the cutoff at MES College?
What things do I need to know about web developing that I would learn in college?
Should college education be free?
How is life at the Nandagiri Hostel for girls in Mangalore?
What course do I have to complete to go abroad?
What is some website that helps you get recruited by college coaches?
How can some college students afford to travel the world while still in college?
Gordon Miller, what do you suggest college students take advantage of while in school?
What are some good colleges in India and abroad for studying Masters in Digital Media?
How excellent is PU College of Moodubidire?
Can I join a college without having my conduct certificate?
What's something that you wish you had known during your freshman year of college?
Which Ivy League has the best diplomacy or international relations program? Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Penn (Huntsman) or Columbia?
Is it worth it to work while in college or should I wait until I graduate?
How can a CA go to Harvard University?
Can I get admission in another college and give the KT which I got from my previous college?
In the USA, if a student thinks he has been rejected unfairly by an elite university, can she/he sue in court?
How is the hostel life at NIT Surat? How are the food, the washrooms, electricity, student security, etc.?
Is going to college immediately after high school the only option?
What was your favorite part of college?
What is taught in the first year of college?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad in Europe for people outside of Europe?
For those who went to the same college as their sibling (the ones close in age, like maybe one year), did you stay in the same dorm as your sibling?
Who selects the students who gets accepted to Princeton?
What are all the possible college majors?
Does college have summer classes?
Does IITB offer single hostel room for girls?
Do first year students at Christ College get a summer break?
How we have to attend this college?
Will colleges and universities be debarred from political activities?
Is it possible to migrate from Delhi (IP University) to a college in Nagpur without dropping a year?
Is education really that important for employment in a society in which the majority of people go to college? Isn't work experience more valuable?
Do you have to be smart to major in STEM?
Where did Russ Cox go to undergrad?
How do students of Ramkrishna Mission Colleges prepare for JAM and other exams? Do they attend classroom coaching centres or is their college enough?
How do I change my college after the 1st year of engineering in VBIT?
As a Moroccan student studying for a Master’s in Cybersecurity and interested in doing research abroad in Cryptography, of what can you advise me?
What are the benefits of studying at JIS College of Engineering?
Nearly all of my sisters have gone abroad, but I may not go abroad because of my major. My family often compares me to them. I am lost. What can I do?
How was Balaji Vishwanathan's college life?
Is it possible to skip freshman year at MIT?
What is student life like at UCSB?
What skills should I acquire before going to an Engineering college?
Is it possible to take 20-30 courses per semester in college and university?
What are the top colleges for studying HR abroad?
Do undergraduate students’ rooms have air conditioners in the UCMS Boys Hostel?
What universities are the best ones for web-designer/developers?
What are the things I need to carry to the GITAM hostel?
Does anyone think they have done graduation with the wrong major?
How do I make a balance between 75% college attendance and learning modern technologies?
Is it okay for me to change my group at CMR Technical Campus after my first year?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
Will the college know if a student hires an admission consultant? Does it really help? I have a feeling it's not fair to people who cannot afford it.
Out of all the possible college majors, what is the weirdest or most useless major?
How many semesters are there in CSE at GNE College Ludhiana?
Is there anyone from Algonquin College, Canada?
What are the campus interview/placement colleges and universities in Coimbatore? Which courses will be useful/suitable for girl students in BE?
Which college should one choose for a BBA/BMS - Mount Carmel College or H. R. College of Commerce and Economics?
Do you have any tips for a future freshman?
What is it like to move to Mangalore for 1st and 2nd PU and study in St. Aloysius PU College?
What is the easiest and economical way to go abroad?
What is the best phone experience you've had at Shri Ram College of Commerce?
How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?
What things do people often put on college applications that completely torpedo their chances of getting in?
Which colleges are the best fits for me?
What are some crazy stories from student life at KIIT?
How is life like in an American university or college?
Is it possible to attend 4 different universities all at once, even if it is illegal?
Which accommodation is better for an international postgraduate student in the UK?
Are stress levels manageable at Amrita University? Also, can you advise me on Bangalore hostel life?
Are you interested in majoring in any of the STEM subjects in college?
What should I do for charity that will make me stand out in the college admission process?
What should I do with my creepy neighbor?
Can students who are already in college apply for AISEE?
Are there any suggestions for students who intend to study abroad (Australia)?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Is it easier to transfer to a top school after freshman year (VS High School)?
How can a GMAT student apply for scholarships to study abroad?
What advice would UCLA alumni give to an incoming freshman?
What inspired you to join the AFMC? Was it your first choice?
How are the IIHM colleges?
Is full fee reimbursement available in Muffakham Jah College?
How do I figure out what I want to go to college for?
What do you guys think of the extreme PC sweeping across our nation with these college students and so on?
What is the standard of DAV (PG) College in terms of studying at BHU? Does it provide a hostel facility also? How does it differ from BHU main campus?
I am studying MBBS in a private college. Can I change my college after 1st year and get adimission in 2nd year in a goverment college?
Is it possible to do a pre-med in the US and then apply to another country for specialisation?
I’m balancing BJJ as a busy college student with a job. Do you have any tips?
What is a good advice for an incoming economics major?
Are there any PhD scholarships that are easy to get abroad?
How is a girl’s life in Lady Hardinge College Hostel?
Do gap year students have to face any disadvantage while seeking admission to DIPSAR?
Which is the best college for doing MMS?
How much does it cost to do an MS abroad?
Would you consider going to college to be a doctor a waste of time even if you might actually become successful one day?
How is the hostel life of Gateway College?
How do you feel in school?
How did it go for those who thought college wasn't for them and were pressured by their parents to attend?
How is the review of CIC, DU?
Does ragging happen in Mumbai colleges?
How is the quality of life for undergrad students at Stanford?
Is it really difficult for Chinese junior college students to have a good future?
How do I start college with no money and no job?
How did you deal with a person who couldn't take a hint and leave you alone?
Which is the best college in Tiruppur?
Is every college big?
What are the procedures to transfer from one college to another (autonomous) when they belong to different universities in Tamil Nadu?
How is student life in Singapore and can they work besides studying?
What do you think of college drop-outs in India?
As an American student taking a gap year to work in Copenhagen, where is a good place to live cheaply?
INTJ parent of ESTP soon to be college student. Am I a horrible parent?
What is your ideal way of spending the last day in college?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
What is similarity private and state university?
Pronoy Bhat has done UG studies from which college?
Are there college scholarships available in the US for a student in a low-income family with a high ACT score (35) but an average GPA?
Why do Indian students go for higher studies aboard? Is it for better education quality or something else?
If I took a fulltime semester of college every summer, in how many years will I graduate?
Why do many students still learn Python 2 instead of 3 at college now?
Why would a girl with a 4.6 GPA and a 36 ACT, who plays elite soccer and is never in trouble, be rejected by Ivy League schools?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
Will Infosys provide the same batch for the same college students?
Why college education requires so much of cramming up?
What should I do in my MSBTE gap year?
How is the college life at VIT Vellore?
What did you get after you got into college and lost something?
What can you tell me about Nalsar University?
Which can be the best college for BA LLB?
Can I attend MIT school of charm even if I don't go there (Boston College)?
Which is best for doing Engineering, SVCE or Brindavan College?
How do you write a college acceptance letter?
What are some suggestions for dealing with psoriasis as a college student?
Is a first-year BFA student at Julliard eligible for transfer to Yale or Harvard as an undergraduate?
Is it logical for colleges to look for well-rounded students instead of students with the highest academic honors and achievements?
I've had a 2.0 average since freshman year and I'm going to be a junior next year. Is it too late for me to be accepted into a good college?
Do colleges take the circumstances of the student into account?
Will a 22 year old boy joining as a first year student be ragged at AFMC just like the others? What does the ragging include?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
As a college professor, you ask a student causing a disturbance in the class to go out, but they defy you. How do you deal with such a situation?
Is Praxis a good idea for college graduates?
I'm very interested in maths, but my country does not provide majors for it. Is it good for me if I study abroad? Where can I go?
Where do I find photos of IGIMS Patna especially the UG hostel rooms?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
What are some ideas for what I can do during my upcoming gap year?
Is the PUC degree recognised abroad? I.e., Can one go abroad for further studies if he's doing a PUC (for UG)?
What were your final freshmen grades for the first semester of college?
Which is the best PU college in Dakshina Kannada?
What are some suggestions for a good quality, affordable tenor saxophone for a college student who would like to play again after a long break (5+ years)?
Since the dawn of the information age, has the inequity between the salaries offered amongst Ivy League and normal schools narrowed?
How much time did you spend traveling to reach your college/university? Is two hours to reach and two hours to come back too much?
How do I market a product to the average college student?
Who are your best friends in college?
After I graduate, I will no longer be eligible to be part of my parents’ life insurance. What is an affordable option for a college student in California?
What is the college timing for a BCA student in Mumbai?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
What is the use of a good CGPA in college? How will it be useful?
What are some experiences with the Tufts bridge-year program?
We must stop going to college. We should start studying online. Am I right?
What are the good options for studying medicine abroad for an Indian at a low cost, and which are approved by the Medical Council of India?
Do you need a postgraduate degree from an overseas university​ in order to do a doctorate abroad?
Can we transfer our internship BDS course from one college to another in India?
Can I change my stream after getting into a college in my first year?
Where can I find some CMI hostel & room pictures?
Is there any 1-semester study abroad program in Sathyabama University?
What kind of benefits does the current account offer to its customers?
What is it like to be an Indian undergrad in the UK?
What is an aid college?
How dark is college?
What would happen if college students assaulted someone who criticized the university?
Which Indian colleges allow transfers?
Should I choose an all-freshman dorm?
As a CS student, is it compulsory to carry a laptop at college?
Can a person become a lawyer by going to college?
What are the Telugu minority colleges?
How is life after UC Berkeley?
Why shouldn't university/college be for free?
How is Quantum Global Campus as a college?
How big of a roll does the name of a college play in placements? Is it necessary to get admitted to a college that requires a large amount of fees?
Can I live with a person of my choice in a college dorm, regardless of their gender?
Is it better to go to college or university?
What colleges/universities allow male/female roommates in UK?
How should I raise $70000 to study at NYU?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
What was your experience when your child started college?
What happened when you went to your first day at school?
How is life at Jonas Hall of Christ University?
Is a hostel stay mandatory for everyone at Ashoka University? I live just 30 minutes away and I don't want to stay in a hostel?
Is it possible for me to change colleges after the 3rd semester?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
Is there a site where I can read college essays from students? Not admissions but papers they must turn in for class.
Why do Cambridge and Oxford universities have multiple colleges?
What is SPJIMR Hostel life like?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Is it better to study at a semester abroad program in Sastra?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What was your worst phone experience in Ganpat University?
Can I take both school and college simultaneously?
What should I do as my charitable contribution that will make me stand out in college admissions?
What is the typical food budget of the average American university student and what food does that get you?
What should I do after a B.Tech to study abroad?
If a college student is looking for a job, would you recommend them posting flyers around town and in people’s mailboxes?
Would there be any merits (college application-wise) to me teaching a music class to the younger students at my school?
How does a college or university student analyze how he/she reads depending on the academic subject?
Will college allow me to join a company in my 7th semester?
How do I make a "spike" in my college application related to psychology?
Which is best college for IT engineering?
How many first year students who are not from Karnataka are opting for the hostel in RVCE?
How are the military engineering services colleges?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How is Sadhana PU College in Bangalore?
I want to study abroad but I cannot afford a lot. What all options do I have?
We have only 5 clubs in school, and not all remain active throughout the year. Does that mean I am in a serious disadvantage in college applications?
No colleges seem to stand out to me, how do I decide which to attend?
Can I study abroad after my 10th grade in India?
Should I just work on campus or apply for a regular job?
Can I quit my college after 1st year and go to different college starting from 1st year again if I am getting a better one?
Are there any scholarships for art students in India for studying abroad?
Should I study science in India or abroad for post graduation?
What are the problems students face in school or college regarding the completion of their academic syllabus (in terms of quality and generally)?
How can I create my own student honor code?
What is the placement scenario for a Chemistry major graduate in Ramnarain Ruia College?
Is it possible to change my engineering college, after the first year?
What things do you value in a university/college?
Isn't it difficult to travel abroad for studies?
What is the best way to stay connected on campus?
How hard is it to find an affordable apartment in NYC for a college student?
What's it like studying in Germany as a foreign student?
Can you submit community college transcripts for freshman college admission?
Is there any chance that we can do MS from elite colleges after taking a drop of one year after graduation?
Do the students of NYU have free access to the university gym?
Which college has good placements, KMIT, SNIST or MGIT?
How is student life in Ostrava?
How is SLS Hyderabad?
How many job opportunities will be lost if I attend FSU over UF for an undergrad in Information Systems?
I really want to go to KMC Manipal but my family cannot afford it. Should I take a loan or go to a more affordable medical college?
Which is the best college for hacking?
What is the fastest/most efficient way to fill in the bubbles on a Scantron?
Do I need my highschool subject notes for college?
Can I include extracurricular activities and achievements that were done after completing high school on a college application?
Does Maitreyi College offer a BTech course?
What College Majors would one have to partake through in order to become a lawyer?
How many (an estimated percentage) junior college transfers does UCBerkeley accept?
Can we change our department after the first year in Thapar university?
How do I say thanks to my professor?
Coralie Moller: How would a college/university student analyze on what he/she reads?
How hard is it to manage working and going to college full/part-time?
Which college is better, UCD or ISU?
In what ways is the social scene in college different than the social scene in high school?
What is the deadline for hostel rooms in Chandigarh University?
Would it be more effective on my college application to create a unique fundraising club for my school or to join the student government?
What is the best way to travel around campus?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
What is the worst phone experience you've had in Kurukshetra University?
Which is a more expensive college for a BTech in food tech: TNAU or Sathyabama?
I learned in college that defecation from fear during battle was common. How common was it?
What is life like at IHM Bhubaneswar?
What is the dorm/house culture like at Burton-Judson (BJ) at UChicago?
Do MAMC hostels have AC for MBBS students?
How hard will it be for me to get into Barnard College?
What is your view about Fleming College?
What experience(s) did you go through in school which caused you to experience fear?
What courses do you recommend to take at a Community College for someone aiming a CS degree from an elite university?
How would you rank these colleges for B.Tech CSE: MIT Manipal, MIT Jaipur, VIT Vellore, RV Engineering Bengaluru, LNMIIT Jaipur, DAIICT, and Shiv Nader University?
What are some ragging experiences of girls at LNMIIT and are seniors friendly there?
Where are some cheap, safe places with good Internet access in the United States?
If one wants to try doing business (but have a back-up profession), is engineering with management (at a top British university) worth it or unnecessary?
Will there be ragging in the BSc?
What is the best type of private loan for a poor adult to take out to go back to college in the US?
What would happen if I were to go to college in the Philippines and get my degree there?
Is it better to get admission in a college or university in Canada?
How are the hostel facilities in SRM Easwari College?
Should I pursue my aspiration to study abroad in the UK?
How is SRK University Bhopal & its education quality and college system?
What's an affordable and fun city to live after college?
What university do you want to go to?
How is SVIMS college for management?
For well-rounded students who win 1st Place at Intel ISEF, how does college admissions go? Is it easier?
What is the difference between applying for early admission or applying as a freshman for college, and which is better to do?
What are the benefits of studying at the University of Texas at Tyler?
Why did SRK leave Hansraj College and waste his mother's hard-earned money?
Which NUS dorm is most recommended for international freshman?
Do you know anyone who got 45 in IB? What do you know about them?
Why does every faculty​ suggest that students fully enjoy their college life but without compromising their studies?
How is the BIMTECH girls hostel?
Which is more beneficial, staying in my hometown or moving an hour away for college?
I'm taking a gap year after I finish A-Levels. What can I do in this time to improve my university application?
Should I join the family business or go abroad for a masters in management?
Do you think that it's easier to get straight As in high school or college?
Is getting into a really reputed college like IITs or IIMs, important?
Is there a way an F-1 student in their graduating semester can take a 4 credit class online (summer semester) and have the credits transferred over?
I'm starting college this year and I'll be majoring in Chinese and English. How can I get ready for those two majors over the summer?
Is it possible to take graduate level courses in US colleges without being admitted to the college?
How is DSE (Delhi University), in terms of academic pressure?
Is there any government college where I can study without any fees?
How is college life at WVU Tech?
What should I do if I took a month off college and need to explain it now?
What is the best thing which you can do in a study break?
Is UC Berkeley a good school for a pre-med track?
Is living in a university dorm in the UK a horrible experience?
Why is it that the IIT student culture seems to be not focused on studies?
Can I do CA with regular CA college?
Where is a good place to live in Boston to get away from partying college kids and is decently priced?
What do I need to know to avoid 'culture shock' if I want to study abroad?
Is a high grade point average in college going to help you get paid more in the working world?
Even a year after graduating from college, I still regret not having done well. Is this normal, and how can I resolve it?
How is the condition of Mangalore university's hostel?
Is there any scholarships that covers 100% of our expenses for studying abroad? The course should be non-professional and at master's level.
Which scholarships are exam based for studying abroad? Can you name a few?
What is student life like at the University of Washington?
Which banks in India provide undergraduate diploma loans for studying abroad?
Is it necessary for those students who got a "backlog" in the first semester at KIIT to attend summer classes?
Is studying abroad after a scholarship at SAT expensive?
How is the Mahesh PU College in Kalaburgi?
How is the NVM engineering college?
How is it like to live in-residence at the University of New Brunswick? Do you recommend any particular residence?
If I want to study abroad for MBBS which is the best country?
What do you think about your college life?
Can we put a cooler in a Thappar University hostel room?
When will KIIT notify me about the commencement of the classes and hostel accommodation?
Why do serving IAS, IPS go for higher studies abroad?
What are the facilities at MIT hostel in AC rooms for freshers?
What do you think of the Japanese government scholarship for foreigners (MEXT)? Is it worth giving up my major (medicine) to apply for medicine through MEXT?
Why do people pay for college?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
Is a college degree necessary in exponential times?
Is it possible to transfer to a top school (Ivy League, Stanford, etc.) from another one or a slightly lower tier one, like UChicago or Duke?
Can I get into a TA /RA at the University of Houston College of Technology in the second semester?
What do you think the most important thing required for college applications is?
How is the attendance scene at HR College Mumbai?
How is being a freshman in college different from being a freshman in highschool?
How is the MGIT College in Gandipet?
Do universities abroad provide scholarships to study for an MBBS? If so, where?
Is it possible that a university will not reply to applicants?
What is harder between finance and economics?
For getting into decent colleges, how important is it to take 4 years of high school math?
How is life as a CSA on a campus?
How hard is GA Tech?
Which is better, JNTUH or other private universities?
Which is more economical at DU, hostel or PG?
How is the life of an ECE student in VIT Chennai/Vellore?
What are some crazy stories about student life at the IIIT?
How are the hostel rooms of MMMUT?
Do you miss college?
How is the hostel at Bennett University?
Which is the official study abroad consultant for Ireland universities or institution in Delhi?
What are difficulties students face in school or at college?
How often do you attend M.com classes of Delhi University? Is the attendance necessary to maintain?
If a student of UIUC completes minimum credits and passes out a semester early, will he still need to pay the fee for last/final semester?
Who has gotten into dental school at Arizona State (online)?
How can I get a scholarship to study an MBA abroad?
How is life at the University of Hyderabad campus for an integrated MA student?
Why do you want a career as a study abroad advisor?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
Are there any summer schools/courses that I can attend as a college student?
What good think about college?
What’s it like to invest in student accommodation in the UK?
What is Welbeck Defense Sixth Form College like?
What is it like to be a rich college student?
What college course should I take?
What are some opinions of Launceston Matriculation College?
What critical skills are missing from your applicants that recently graduated from college?
How can I go from a 2.3 to a 3.5 GPA (only completed freshman year in college)?
Is it a good idea to study abroad? What are the good and bad sides of it?
What are the pros and cons of each freshman dorm at Carnegie Mellon (especially morewood e tower and donner)?
Is it possible for someone who won a scholarship to study in the US be issued a visa to study abroad?
Can someone who graduated from a non top tier school (let’s say ~70% acceptance rate) get into an Ivy League graduate program such as one at MIT?
I dropped out of BDS college and join MBBS college, what can I do?
Will I have free time after college?
What are some of the coolest graduate student clubs at Columbia?
Does St. Stephen's College decide its cutoff based on the performance of the students that have applied?
When do MIT students move out of dorms?
Is there a mental condition that would account for a friend's 20-year-old son dropping out of college and losing interest in absolutely everything?
How many days is college in the UK?
Can we have air coolers in the hostel rooms of Amrita’s engineering college?
While being an international student in America, did you feel any pressure because your English wasn't very "American"?
Do you think that high school courses should be taught at a faster pace?
What are your reviews/opinions on Humber College?
What are some non-STEM related summer opportunities for high school students?
Is there any dress code at UCMS for students?
Can I do my CPT with regular going to college?
How do I get a scholarship?
What is your experience of studying in Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Kodambakkam?
How do you get time to understand what is being taught in college?
Due to financial issues I couldn’t attend college for 2 years. I’m in a B.Com and now I can continue. How can I continue, rejoin and clear the ATKT exams?
How can l make more money in college?
How is architecture at TKM College of Engineering?
Should I give up on the pre-med path?
How is Bennett University’s campus?
How can I start doing decent projects along with my college studies to ultimately have a good profile to apply for good internships?
What should I do if not all of my credits from my community college are fully transfered to my new university?
Is NLUO good in terms of placements and college life or should I take SLS Pune?
What questions will the interviewer ask me when I take part in the college’s employment opportunities?
Does going to a top-notch junior college in Mumbai really matter in the long run?
Can I get a girlfriend in my second year of college?
Why doesn't Ashoka University have a crest like Ivy League colleges?
How do I get a seat in RBVR hostel (Reddy hostel) in Hyderabad?
How did your classmates react when you got the highest grade?
Does a day scholar miss out on fests and clubs?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What was it like being an American woman who wanted or did go to college in the early 1960s?
What can I do about my stuttering situation as an RA?
What are the government engineering colleges like in Maharashtra, in terms of college life as well as placements?
Can we change colleges in our second year of engineering?
Do you feel that segregation of "Whites" is acceptable on a college campus?
What language should I learn my last two years of college?
Is it better to do a PhD in India or abroad? Will doing it abroad be difficult?
Is it possible to have a social life and live off campus in college?
What do future mathematicians do differently at university?
Should I still go to college if I'm engaged to a surgeon?
What does a college want to see, three years of high school student government treasurer, or treasurer for two years and president for senior year?
How should college students prepare for jobs?
How can I make myself a good candidate for an Ivy League school as a CC transfer?
What is the purpose of visualizing? That brand new car has never come into reality.
Which period is more important for an IITian, preparation or college?
How is St. Mira’s College for Girls, Pune?
How tough is it to migrate from one college to other in DU after completion of first year?
Is being a staff member of the supreme student council at our university, helpful for my college application? We organize university-wide activities and other things.
How is the RCC Institute of information technology? Can I get a good, budget hostel with a mess hall near the college?
Which are the scholarships available to Indian students for studying law abroad?
How are college days similar and different to school days? Do we get enough time to waste?
I'm considering dropping out of college. What should I do?
What about an MBBS abroad? Is it good?
Should I major in either philosophy or international development? (undergraduate)
Where is the Jain’s girls hostel in Mumbai?
What would you recommend to a freshman psychology major?
What are the pros and cons of Maharani College, Jaipur?
Is Sha Shib College good?
What tips or advice do you have for a college student studying abroad in Valencia, Spain?
What is better, paying a hefty sum to study in a new private medical college or paying ordinarily to study in a top notch general line college?
What are the best-designed hostel rooms in NIT Trichy? Where do I find pictures of such?
Which university has the biggest area under its campus?
How does a college/university student analyze someone’s statements, written and oral, based on other information, according to Barbara Hughes?
Has there ever been a case where an impoverished student was thwarted from attending an Ivy League school because he or she couldn't pay the application fee?
I am going to participate in an early college program next year. My GPA is 3.6 but I still don't think I'm good enough. How hard are college classes?
What are some tips for my freshman year of High School?
Is there a way I can get back into college?
What are the most mind-numbing and mind-twisting instruction experiences you have experienced in your college education?
What is the best motto and slang for a college technical club?
What are the living and colleges expenses for an undergraduate studying in Europe?
How is the ISM college of Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan for Indian students?
Does college matter in order to get a good career?
Which is better for engineering, studying in one’s hometown or studying in a hostel?
How was your experience at U of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school? What is the average grade in most classes?
Where should I study abroad, Italy or China (Shanghai)?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of doing an MBA abroad? (I am Indian.)
Does GLC Mumbai have a good college life?
I'm thinking of going to college in either Canada or the UK. What is your advice?
What are the hostels and campus of KGMU like? Are there any AC rooms?
Which residence hall is the best for McGill freshman?
Which college should I choose for IIT?
Do college dropouts need a transfer certificate for joining a different course in a different college?
If you could go to any college in the United States, which one would you attend?
What was the worst part of your college life?
What should a wannabe logician take in university undergraduate?
What are some famous colleges in England?
How common is it for Americans to work while they are studying in college?
Do community college courses give you the same GPA boost as AP courses for the UC weighted high school GPA?
Was your MBA experience academically satisfying?
Should I practice my art before going to college?
Should I transfer from Western to U of T to study math?
How is the P.G. girl’s hostel in JJMMC, Devangere?
I have a 2.3 GPA from my freshman year in college. What should be my next step?
Can I change NITC to any other government engineering college in Kerala directly in my second year?
What will happen if I get into another college after my UCAS application?
How is life for a women studying in NLSIU? How is the hostel facility?
What could cause an INTJ to do badly in college?
How does one get a year back in PU or colleges affiliated to PU?
What do you do after university (as a law student) or high school?
How is the college life at Mount Carmel College, Bangalore?
What do you prefer between Canadian colleges and universities as both are providing same courses? Which is better job wise college or university?
Am I wrong for postponing going to college because I'm terrified of debt?
What are the scholarships available for studying abroad from India?
What's more important, the college experience or the degree?
What are some things that I can learn best/only in college?
What's the new student orientation like at Binus University?
Is it wise to attend a model UN after many years out of university?
At which college should I study in order to become an astronaut, and how many years of study will it take?
What matters more, where you go to college or how you do in college?
Is it true that most of the students from BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE get placed into TCS, Wipro, Accenture and other mass recruiting companies?
How was it to leave home, go to college and live alone?
How does the hostel life during college hinder your career?
Should I go to college with a 2.3 GPA?
What are the average monthly living expenses for an international graduate student at UCLA/UC Berkeley/TAMU/Purdue? Do you have any housing suggestions?
Is Ulster business school a good university
I keep failing classes and don't think I'm meant for college. Should I get an easy useless degree or cut my losses and drop out?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
What is the quality of hostel in KIIT?
How do I handle an LDR breakup when studying abroad? Help me and counsel me.
How do you make the last exam of your student career memorable?
Who's your favorite freshman?
What are the problems students face in school or college regarding the completion of their academic syllabus (in terms of quality and generally)?
How much does it cost to be in a fraternity?
In which country can I get a master's in bel canto abroad after graduating from a conservatory of music in China? Which is the most expensive? Which is the cheapest?
What are the suitable partime jobs for college students?
What is the point of going to a really good college like Harvard, if you can go to a less known college and get the same education?
What competitive exams can an Indian write to get into a college abroad?
What were your most heartbreaking moments in college life?
What is the fees for puc in royalconcorde PU college Bengaluru?
Would it be better to take a hostel at agricultural engineering colleges, rather than live outside the hostel? I have heard that hostel life is too noisy and there is no environment to study.
Will college allow me to join a company in my 7th semester?
How do I make a "spike" in my college application related to psychology?
As a college student who lives in a dorm, what is your cheap, ultimate savior from hunger?
Do a PG student get a hostel room in IIT Delhi campus?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
How are the boys hostel in Panjab university? Can anyone share photos of the rooms?
What community college classes can I take as a pre-requisite for International Relations at UC Berkeley?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad (MBA or master degree) in Europe for people outside of Europe?
What is the best and cheapest place to work and study abroad?
Do you agree that university/college should be free for families that can’t afford to pay for their kids’ education?
Are there any outside scholarships based solely on academic performance for US college students?
What resources did Manish Bhattacharya use to become such an expert in security in just 1 year, during his college days?
Should I study science in India or abroad for post graduation?
What advice is best for a young (21) foreign professional who really wants to attend university, but doesn't have enough money to do so?
What does it mean to be a Kluge Scholar at Columbia University?
Are the conditions of the hostels and mess at MANIT Bhopal worse now?
How do I impress my CS professor in the freshman year?
Can I still get my BSN if I failed my 1st year of college with a 1.0 GPA? I took some time off, and I feel ready to go back. I have AP credit as well.
How can I graduate college in one year with 66 credit hours?
How do Ivy League colleges see people who transfer without an A.A.?
Can CA and regular college be beneficial?
Will there be ragging in biochemistry?
How is the girls' hostel facility at NIELIT, Aurangabad?
What are some ways to deal with young and petulant college girls as a male professor in a women's college?
What is the placement scenario for a Chemistry major graduate in Ramnarain Ruia College?
For a US master's student, what's the proper time to start a Ph.D application?
Are there any ongoing contests/competitions in the fields of business/marketing/ finance for college students in NYC?
Does getting a master’s degree mean a few more years of college life?
How can I be cool in college?
What about Nagarjuna College of Engineering?
What are the cheapest or affordable colleges to study abroad?
How is student life in Ostrava?
Why do so many college students want to have pets? Should we support university students to have a pet?
What are the eligibilities needed to join MVSR college through donation?
When will the ATKT exams be held this year at CHM College?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
Can international students work outside of the college in the U.S.? How can they get an on-campus job in the U.S.?
Is Herald college Kathmandu a good college?
What did not it work for you at the university?
What is Teach for America? Is it a type of grant or something?
What is the reputation of KGMC abroad?
Is it worth it to pursue relationships in college?
Do I need my highschool subject notes for college?
What is special about the institutions of technology and the other colleges?
Does Emory University meet 100% of the financial needs of international undergraduate students?
What is the most effective, cheapest way to advertise to college students?
Would colleges even read your application if it was sent only 1 month prior to their fall semester?
How much can a Trinity College Dublin student from India earn during college?
Should I go to Wash U or Berkeley for pre-med?
How do I say thanks to my professor?
How is attendance at D.Y. Patil College?
Is your current occupation the career you wanted when you were attending college?
Which good colleges in Karnataka have a single room hostel facility?
Is it possible to double-major in biology and philosophy, while taking the required premed courses, and still graduate in four years?
Is it fine to go to a college at an age of 23?
What should be my UG course if I want to do pyrotechnics or explosives?
What are the pranks and masti that engineers, especially girls, do during their hostel lives?
What do you look for in an undergrad college?
I can graduate in 3 years or study abroad at UCL for a year and graduate in 3.5 years instead. Which option should I go for and why?
What should I do if my college refuses to give me an NOC certificate for a transfer? My college is affiliated with GTU.
What are things college students can do besides studying?
Which dorms at Berkeley have their own bathroom (other than Bowles Hall)?
What can you tell about KL University?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
Can I write first and second year degree exams in the same year without taking first year classes?
Can I change college in the second year with 2 ATKT?
What are the PU board languages offered at PU College?
Should I do CA with BFM? Will it affect my CA studies, as I will have to attend college? Which colleges don't have attendance issues?
What’s life like after college for a psychology major?
What experience(s) did you go through in school which caused you to experience fear?
When does a new semester start in a college?
Does IGDTUW provide a hostel facility for NCR students?
What advice would you give to incoming freshmen at Howard University?
How do you make the most of college/university?
Where are some cheap, safe places with good Internet access in the United States?
Is doing an apprenticeship a good idea after college and before university?
What are some international college scholarships available for a class 11 science student from India?
What are the non-AC 3-seater rooms like at KIIT’s boys’ hostel?
What's the best computer for a college student (English major)?
How do I make most of my engineering college life in AISSMS COE, Pune?
When will classes start at Narayana Junior College for academic year 2017?
What advice would you give to a pre-med incoming freshmen at UCLA?
Will there be ragging in the BSc?
How was your first day at Math IIT, Trivandrum?
Can anyone suggest college, which has courses of BBA like RIIMs college, IE. Study two years in Mumbai and rest 1 year in UK?
What is the easiest course to study abroad? I only want to experience traveling and living abroad.
Where is the best country to Brazilians study abroad in Europe?
How is Bennett University?
What's the best way to write a personal statement when applying at universities or colleges abroad for your higher studies?
Which one should I go to for CSE? I got 57k rank in SRM and 4k rank in LPU. Will I get a good SRM campus for CSE?
Do colleges look whether you got expelled?
What is your advice for a science undergrad?
Can I share a bank account with my mother? I am going to study abroad this year and my mom is coming with me.
How can I study abroad with scholarship by taking coaching?
What's an alternative to college?
I wish to pass college but I don't want to attend classes or do the Cornell notes required. What should I do?
Why are some college students so weak that they need crying rooms after their candidate didn't win?
Which is best scholarship exam for studying abroad?
Do you think that it's easier to get straight As in high school or college?
Is it good to do GME now? Which colleges provide sponsorship for their students?
Are you still connected with your college friends?
If one has to define the best things about joining AIT, Pune, how will you do that?
What are the possibilities after an MBA from Henley Business School, UK, for non-EU students?
Would you consider a 2-year gap from college a big deal, or would it have been better to go to college as soon as I graduated from high school?
What are some college life pro tips?
I'm studying abroad in Virginia (W&M) next year, does anyone have any tips or advice for someone from England?
Is anyone going to Deakin University at the Geelong waterfront campus in July 2017?
Can I know how much I need to pay to buy a seat in RMK Engineering College?
I am 19. I got detained from college due to short attendance. I know I am not made for college. What should I do now?
Will having a student conduct strike for being in the presence of marijuana prevent me from being able to transfer to another university?
What time does the earliest class start in a typical U.S. college?
How was your experience as a student on Skooli?
Is ragging a matter of concern while joining any college?
What should I do if my hard work is not appreciated by my college professor? I'm a CS student.
What is the greatest class you ever took in college? (or elsewhere)
Gordon Miller, what do you suggest college students take advantage of while in school?
Should I go to AISECT University MP?
Should I join AIESEC? I am going to a college which has very strict attendance rules, and I'm going to stay in a hostel so that makes it tougher.
Is maths compulsory for studying in Australia? If it is compulsory, then what can I do to go abroad?
Which is the best branch of Natayana College?
Should I take up CS in a college that has almost 700 freshers in CS?
Is a high grade point average in college going to help you get paid more in the working world?
How can I get admission in JECRC College in the 2nd year from Purnima College of Engineering?
What's the student life like at XJTLU in the Department of Biological Science?
What do university fraternities do in clubs?
How important is community service when applying for the universities for an MS?
What do I do after I’ve been rejected by a college classmate?
What​ things should I do before leaving​ my college​ life​ for a good career?
I’m a 26-year-old college student. Do I have to work and go to school or just focus on my college education?
How is the hostel at Jain University, Banglore?
Is it necessary for those students who got a "backlog" in the first semester at KIIT to attend summer classes?
How can I convince my father that I want to go abroad for my higher education?
How does one survive college with autism?
I did poorly on my math placement exam for college. Should I take the catch up class?
Which Indian college has the tallest student hostel building? How many storeys does it have?
Are boys allowed to enter girls’ hostels at BITS?
Can we put a cooler in a Thappar University hostel room?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad in Europe for people outside of Europe?
Is it ok for a college lecturer to talk about their views on abortion in class?
How should I use my gap year after high school wisely?
Should I take a gap year for an MBBS for the third time?
What does it mean if a student got a year-back and took re-admission to the same college/university?
Is Bangalore College an anti-ragging campus?
What class should I choose in Careers360 in the college predictor as there are many classes?
How was your first day at MUJ?
Which is better, Purnima College of Engineering or Mody University?
Which college does Hrishabh Upadhyay study in?
How have the placements for BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE been this year (2016-17)?
Can a student stay in PGs instead of hostels in MUJ?
Is there anyone who studied from a third class college but is currently doing the best job?
Should I attend UCSD or wait and apply to UCLA or CAL?
Do different universities have different course layouts for the same subject?
How was SRK in Stephen's College? Why did he change his college?
Is NIT Delhi good for CS? How is hostel life and sports culture?
Is it better to do medical in India or abroad?
How are the students at Christ College?
Should I go for Green River Community College, Bellevue Community College, or Shoreline Community College for a computer science major?
If I don't get into a government college (which is highly likely), what do I do?
Do employers immediately dismiss you for not having a certain degree whether it be high school or college?
How do I change my college after the 1st year of engineering in VBIT?
Will I have to do my first year again if I change my branch by taking the JEE again in my first year for the same college?
How was your college life as a computer engineering student in India?
How do I pass time during Pakau College lectures?
Which is the best college for improving language?
What's it like to study at Vassar College?
Which is better, JNTUH or other private universities?
What were your ECs to get into Columbia undergrad?
What is the best RTU college in Jaipur?
Which is better, majoring in math, physics, engineering, or computer science?
If I want to go into law school what should I be looking for in a college to complete my gen ed requirements?
What college did Nixon attend after High School?
Why is the University of Chicago harder to get into than in the past?
What are difficulties students face in school or at college?
Do designing colleges blacklist people who take a year gap after class 12? Does it cause problems if you are trying to get into a job after college?
What should I do if I am suspicious of my professors crossing ethical boundaries and somehow gaining access to my personal online messages?
What are the campus interview/placement colleges and universities in Coimbatore? Which courses will be useful/suitable for girl students in BE?
How is your experience of studying abroad in London?
Why do colleges establish R&D labs?
Can you graduate with a masters without being a senior? If I skip general chemistry and take higher classes, can I graduate with a masters without 4 years in college?
What are the placement conditions in Sinhgad College?
What is it like to move to Mangalore for 1st and 2nd PU and study in St. Aloysius PU College?
Why are high school and college students stressed out about finals?
What’s it like to invest in student accommodation in the UK?
Where do I find a good video production company for an upcoming fest that is going to be held in our college?
What college course should I take?
What are some ways of studying abroad after doing IIT?
How long do/did you take doing homework in your freshman and sophomore year of highschool?
I've worked in a factory since out HS. I'm now 37 and want change. Is it a bad idea to start at 0 and go to college for forestry or land conservation?
What do you think about a crowdfunding campaign for a student to study abroad, based on what you will help him?
Do employers care if you went to a community college?
Is it possible for someone who won a scholarship to study in the US be issued a visa to study abroad?
Can I go to the USA/Canada even if I am from a local college in Tamil Nadu?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
Can students who are already in college apply for AISEE?
Which Ivy League school has the best football team?
How can I do my higher studies in medicine abroad?
What are some ideas for a presentation on UN terminology?
I’m a junior in college, and I have a crush on a girl. I feel like my focus is shifting. What can I do?
Does the reputation of your college motivate you to study?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
What are signs that guys (high school/college) are intimidated by you?
Are state colleges bad?
How do I apply for a summer semester abroad after my first year?
How can an Indian student study abroad?
In hostels, do we get separate rooms or double beds?
Can an Indian get opportunities to study abroad for free? If yes, how?
What are the best places to study plant biology abroad?
How can I apply for a dorm in Budapest? (my school doesn't have it)
How do I travel with no money (Gap year)?
I am studying in the 6th semester of VTU college. Do I have the chance to change my college?
I’m balancing BJJ as a busy college student with a job. Do you have any tips?
Why isn't college free in the USA?
I’m changing college after the first year, do I need a gap-year affidavit?
Is it okay to lie in a college application that I am a first generation student? I feel being a first generation can be an advantage for top colleges.
How did it go for those who thought college wasn't for them and were pressured by their parents to attend?
How is a job at a BEd college on a contractual basis or as a guest lecturer?
Do some colleges allow guys to have girl roommates? Which colleges?
What are some good biology experiment ideas for college students?
How is the review of CIC, DU?
How can I find a girl’s PG or hostel near Herald College Kathmandu?
Which is the best overseas university at which to study for an MBA in 2017?
How is the attendance scene in Sophia College Mumbai?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
Should I retake a class in which I got a C to increase my graduate school chances?
Is it okay to fall in love during student life?
How much are the fees to study abroad, say in the UK or the USA?
Do students from top universities often understand the taught courses faster than those in average universities?
My crush might go to the same college as I am, what do I do?
Can I be successful in life even though I don't like the idea of going to college?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
Which college in Delhi has the most foreign students?
I don't have anyone to look up to. I am supporting a younger brother through college while desperately pulling myself through. What should I do?
Is college in the US expensive enough that it is fraud not to guarantee students a passing grade and degree?
How was your first semester at SUAS Indore?
Can a CA go abroad for a job after a competition?
Is it better to do study abroad or India is fine in case of graduation?
Can you recount a time when you started off really badly as a freshman undergrad in premed but managed to get into your choice of medical school?
Will the College of William and Mary look down on me as a transfer applicant for attending Liberty University?
Is it better to do medicine in India or abroad?
Should I study harder than others and not have any play time, in order to be at the top of my school?
How hard would life be if you don't go to college?
I dropped out of college without telling my parent, what should I do?
How can a mediocre student go to study in a good college for a Master’s abroad?
Who is (or was) your weirdest teacher?
What should I do if I'm extremely lost in life? I can’t seriously decide on a college major.
Is it ok to change universities in your second year?
How well known is Columbia University in Australia?
What should a young person do if they're worried they have nothing to offer the world?
How would you reassure students who will not graduate Phi Beta Kappa, Summa Cum Laude that their futures will be fine (or will it)?
I got 130 marks in MU OET 2017. Can I get ECE?
How should college students prepare for jobs?
Is it a bad thing if I feel like college isn't for me?
What are the things that a first year student should do in IIT?
Should we take NPTEL courses in the second semester?
Can you give me reviews about St. Xavier's School Burdwan?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
Were college students better off before social media?
What steps can I take to become more intelligent and more well rounded while in college?
Should I take a gap year after my high school?
Do you think education abroad is necessary?
Does Jai Hind College Bombay have an attendance issue for B.Com students?
Will having less than a 6 CGPA in my BTech course and then few gap years after that affect MBA admissions at top business schools and placements thereafter?
Is CSU, Chico a bad college?
Should I go to Emory University or Middlebury College?
Are JD Birla and Shikshayatan reputed colleges for doing a BBA course in Kolkata?
Do you think that Boy Scouts of America (BSA) teaches outdated principles?
What are your best moments in your freshman year?
Does taking readmission in first year clear out our first year record and give a a CGP based on only four years?
Do colleges take the circumstances of the student into account?
Do you learn less from your fellow students if you attend a less prestigious (academically rigorous) college? Are the students less interested in learning?
I am on the verge of getting dropped out of college, what should I do to prevent it?
What is it like to graduate from IMS?
I'm a rising UVA freshman in SEAS for BSCS and also want to do Pre - Med. How should I go about completing the Pre-Med courses in a CS degree program?
Do you think attending university made you more empathetic?
Does your GPA improve if you take more introductory courses?
Is it hard to transfer to Wesleyan as a rising junior?
Do I have to retake courses I took in high school again in college?
What's the difference between BHU main campus and its affiliated colleges in terms of education level, class semester and hostel charges?
What are the living and colleges expenses for an undergraduate studying in Europe?
How is life like at the SRCC girls’ hostel?
As a college student, how can I get a patent?
Is it too late to go to college at 19 as a girl?
What is the ideal number of roommates for college?
Why don't my parents want me to study abroad?
What are some pretty strong disadvantages to studying abroad in general?
Where should I study abroad, Italy or China (Shanghai)?
Is science coaching good at MES PU College?
Do college professors ever take a special interest in a student? Do they ever just want to sit down & have regular conversations with them?
Is it true that Iranian Bahá’ís are forbidden to attend university in their homeland?
How is the life of an MBA student different from an M.Tech student?
How do I manage studies in hostel life?
After graduating from high school, I went to college to study English (literature) but unfortunately dropped out before graduating. Now I am seriously thinking of studying psychology abroad. What should I do to achieve my goal/dream?
What is the use of a good CGPA in college? How will it be useful?
Do you think college should start one year earlier in the American school system?
Which college should I choose for IIT?
What are some experiences with the Tufts bridge-year program?
Will colleges provide a dorm if I go to med school or grad school if I have no place to stay?
If your college professor falls in water, based on what you learn in your major, would you be able to save your teacher?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
Can a student who’s 17 years of age go abroad for future studies?
Is it right to take CS at UIT college?
If you could go to a college, which one would it be?
Do any other countries that have free college offer it to US students?
What challenges and problems must students overcome to complete their college studies?
Will I get an NTSE scholarship, if I change my college after 1 year of engineering?
Would you continue to go to college if your family was poor?
Which is currently the best place to study abroad after engineering?
Is there a refund policy at GITAM University in case a student drops out before the start of the semester?
What do you do after university (as a law student) or high school?
What was your college admission essay after taking a gap year?
What is the most effective way to reach out to college administrators about speaking on their campuses?
Which is the best college to study an MBA at abroad? Also, what are the admission criteria?
What is your experience at Marymount Manhattan College?
What is the best PU College in Bangalore?
Is it true that most of the students from BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE get placed into TCS, Wipro, Accenture and other mass recruiting companies?
How can I prepare to go to college at 16?
I’m in college and I feel like I’m forgetting most of what I learned in the classes I took. What can I do to keep that information and build from it?
In the drama club or department, do we get to go to different colleges and even abroad?
How is Jain University?
How is the Computer Science undergraduate program at Duquesne University?
Can I start a PG in Coimbatore near PSG college?
If I am suspended at a university will I be able to attend college?
What is/was your experience like as a graduate student at Jacobs University Bremen?
Should I leave my engineering in 2nd year due to mental harassment by management and professors and rejoin another college?
How is admission in Samras Hostel?
What should a student with backlogs in college and a high profile do if he/she doesn't get a job? Should he/she apply for the next university?
What competitive exams can an Indian write to get into a college abroad?
How is campus life at NIFTEM?
How is Mahesh PU College in Bangalore?
What is the fees for puc in royalconcorde PU college Bengaluru?
For those who have stayed up working for deadlines in college and are now working, do you think it was worth it?
What resources did Manish Bhattacharya use to become such an expert in security in just 1 year, during his college days?
How are the boys hostel in Panjab university? Can anyone share photos of the rooms?
Is PERI a good college?
Is it easier to get into Tsinghua as an international student?
How many students has BITS Pilani sent for the GSoC programme?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
How does one avoid socializing in college?
Is it good if one starts preparing for GMAT from second year of his college life?
Can you take summer courses at your 4-year institution and at a community college at the same time?
How big is the bias of race in college admissions?
What is it like to study humanities/social sciences at the University of British Columbia (UBC)?
At Stanford, is it better for a "pro fro" who needs quiet at the end of the day to live in a freshman or four-class dorm?
Is starting schools and colleges earlier before 10:00 am would affect their academic performance and health?
What is it about school life that makes you start missing it a lot thereafter in college/elsewhere even though when being there, you may have disliked it?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
Are the smartest students at Ivy League schools smarter than average engineering students at top state schools or about the same?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
How do I join Chaitanya Junior College, and what's the eligibility?
Should I study in a college affiliated with the University of Wolverhampton?
Which college has the biggest campus in India?
How are the students at Christ College?
What should I study in a university if I want to build smartphones?
How is the semester system helping students with their studies?
What are some tricks and tips to raise children to excel academically so that they never struggle in high school and college?
What facilities are given in a KIIT double-bedded AC hostel?
Is it okay to be confused about a master’s during the first year of undergrad?
Which exams are accepted in University of Stuttgart for an MS?
Can you hide a gap year in your undergraduate application?
What does the typical annual university budget look like?
What is a good summer job for an attractive male college student (age 21) to make a lot of money?
At what point does standing up for someone become meddling in someone else’s business? What are the conditions that differentiate the two?
Does someone have to attend college and obtain a degree before they can become wealthy?
Are gap years after high school or after the university popular in France and Brazil?
Can an electrical undergrad work on CNN?
Do colleges look whether you got expelled?
How do college students who cannot get jobs earn money for clothes, textbooks, and healthy food?
Is it true that boys are allowed into the girls’ hostel, even into their rooms, in IITs?
What is the experience of studying at Ulster University?
What are the types of law?
What should my son start to study at Carnegie Mellon to have a better job?
I am 19. I got detained from college due to short attendance. I know I am not made for college. What should I do now?
What can I do to become a lawyer in community college and what do I need to major in (I'm currently a business major)?
Which is the best FIITJEE junior college in Hyderabad?
Does taking AP biology a year early serve any purpose?
What should I study at university if I want to build Baymax?
I messed up in college. Is my future gone?
Why is the cutoff at Fergusson College so low for B.Sc compared to DU colleges?
I don't know where I want to go to college. How can I make a decision?
Do M.Tech students fail at IISc?
How can someone who didn't get plays in high school get a college offer?
Is it ok for a college lecturer to talk about their views on abortion in class?
Which is better between SRM and GITAM?
Is it normal for a professor to ask a student for drinks?
Is Shri Ram College of Commerce fun? Is there any ragging?
What is Sri Chaitanya’s main campus girls’ hostel in Madapur like?
How is hostel life at Sastra in terms of freedom and infrastructure? Do you have photos?
How is Syndenham College in Mumbai?
What are your views of Prime Academy, Pune?
Which are better - college days or school days, and why?
Which courses get the most application in college?
What is it like to transfer colleges? When is it a good idea to transfer?
A hostel warden is backing the seniors in ragging. How do we counter this?
Which universities or colleges are the best for acting and drama studies abroad?
How do undergraduates at IGNOU manage to maintain a social life?
Can I take prerequisite med courses at two-year Community College, by majoring in psych, then transfer and get a psych bachelor’s at a 4-year college and apply to med school?
What were your ECs to get into Columbia undergrad?
Which is the best study abroad consultancy in Bangalore?
What are some drawbacks of going to Carnegie Mellon University?
Which is better, majoring in math, physics, engineering, or computer science?
Did you hire a professional college planner, and, if yes, how was it valuable for you/your student?
How does it feel when you leave college after 4 years of studying engineering?
How is Amrita University Bangalore’s hostel life?
Which college should I attend, Jain University or Presidency University?
Can you graduate with a masters without being a senior? If I skip general chemistry and take higher classes, can I graduate with a masters without 4 years in college?
If I pay my college fees, shouldn't it be my choice to attend classes or not? Why is there a minimum attendance requirement?
How is the hostel in RC Patil Institute?
Are there any adverse consequences for college professors who routinely fail large portions of their classes or rarely give A's or B's?
How can an Indian undergraduate from a regional college get into one of the Ivy League universities?
Should I go to Emory University or Middlebury College?
What is it like to transfer universities after freshman/first year?
How do chemical engineers spend their life in college? Do they need to recall or you can say remember every compound?
Should I stay in college even though I failed 2 classes my first (this) semester?
After ragging, should we not terminate the assignment submission rituals at the Indian Engineering colleges?
Are the hostels and college in KIIT in the same campus?
Should someone who has not achieved anything in college go to his farewell?
Engineering/Science vs Pre-Med. Which is harder?
How can I study for my bachelor’s degree abroad for one semester and come back again to my main university?
After graduating from high school, I went to college to study English (literature) but unfortunately dropped out before graduating. Now I am seriously thinking of studying psychology abroad. What should I do to achieve my goal/dream?
Do I absolutely have to take more than 3 years of Spanish?
How can an Indian student study abroad?
What do people regret not doing during their CS freshman or sophomore years?
How can you spend your college holidays wisely during a school assembly?
Is college a must? Do I really need to go to college to be successful?
Should I take a fall semester off and withdraw from my university entirely in the hopes of getting accepted in my transfer school(s) in the spring?
What was Carolyn Bessette like in college?
How can I improve my personality as a university student?
How much are the fees to study abroad, say in the UK or the USA?
Can someone with an Urdu education board class 12 pass certificate study for a BBA in any university?
How's the study, study atmosphere, practicals, faculties & hostels in VelTech Dr. RR & Dr. SR University? Is the placement of the 3+1 year abroad programme students good for mechanical engineering?
Is a 90% first-year average at York University sufficient for transfer to UWO?
What is the process for an undergraduate Indian student to do a master's in physics from Cambridge?
What are some useful secrets that you know, but most people do not?
Should I drop a year of college to find what I want in life?
How can I find my passion if I have been a college student for three years?
I got 130 marks in MU OET 2017. Can I get ECE?
How is DCRUST?
What’s the average debt of college graduates?
What would a good game engine senior thesis be about?
What is the most interesting thing that you experienced in your school or college days?
I didn't take my freshman year so seriously. I do know I'm capable and was always a Straight-A student. Can I redeem myself in sophomore year?
What is life like when you enter an Ivy League school?
How is IIIT Kota for CSE?
Is it useful to study abroad?
How can I change colleges after completing my first year at BAF?
Is it easier to get into a top college with certain majors?
How do some people who aren't even competent enough to graduate from college start successful companies?
How did you start freelancing in college? Share your experience and story.
What is the best way to study for introduction in College Math?
What advantages a 4th or 3rd year student get over winning a college election?
I'm taking an online course at a community college. How do I stay motivated when I see nothing's going to come of taking the classes?
Can I take TC from B.Sc in college without joining a new college that year?
How do I develop my individual value in college?
What is the best thing that you experience in your university life?
Do college professors ever take a special interest in a student? Do they ever just want to sit down & have regular conversations with them?
How is the life of an MBA student different from an M.Tech student?
Is there any chance of directly getting into a university or a college abroad without the help of an education consultancy?
What should my son study in Carnegie Mellon to get a better job?
Should I go to college to be a film/TV writer? If not, what school should I go to?
Is SRM a project oriented college or theory oriented college?
What does it feel like to study under the Bridge Program at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College?
How is campus life in Ramaiah?
Is it better to stay in hostel or home while doing engineering?
How was your high school experience compared to college?
Should I do one year internship at Accenture or transfer to a 4-year University?
Does any college student want to know about Business Analytics - what exactly does it mean, and what are the jobs like on a day-to-day basis?
How was Tejasvita’s college experience? I'm going to join a law school this year, what advice would she like to give to me?
Can you go into college at age 16?
What stops American students from committing suicide for not making it into an Ivy League/top college, unlike in India, where it's everyday news?
Why do college fests have ramp walk on their cultural night?
What should one avoid when he/she is in their first year of college?
As an incoming college freshman studying biomedical engineering, how can I become a management consultant?
Can you give a suggestion for a daily routine for a student who has to go to college at 8:30 am and the student cannot return home before 6pm?
Is Davidson College a party school?
Which dorm halls should I choose for Imperial College?
How good is Jadavpur University for engineering?
Did you let your kid study at the same school/college where you had studied? If so, what did you like, and if not, what did you dislike?
What is the best hostel to stay at in Zurich for a college-aged student?
What is your craziest Club Weldon experience at Western University?
Has someone paid the fees to Digital Profit Course? Can someone share his/her user experience after joining this course? As most of the people claiming it to be fake have not paid any amount to join.
Can I go abroad now, if I completed my 10th in 2013?
How do I have a meaningful college life?
How hard is it to change branch in NITK?
How do engineers from Jadavpur University deal with themselves when they don't get campus placement?
For those of you who have attended an online college or university, what influenced your decision to enroll online instead of on-campus?
Does Amity University Mumbai take students anywhere to study abroad for 12 days as per mentioned in their syllabus on their website?
Which degree impresses you the most, in order- Maths, Physics, Theoretical Physics, or Astrophysics?
Should I do a one-year MBA program at LSU Shreveport during my gap year between undergrad and law school?
Is it too late to start college at 24?
How do I sign up for college?
How do I earn money in college life?
What's the best advice for a college kid going into his final year of college?
What is your review of California State Polytechnic University, Pomona?
What happens if I passed all my classes my first semester in college but end up failing almost half of my classes my second semester in college?
How do I live in a youth hostel?
So, I've got mostly C's and a couple B's on my sophomore year, and I don't plan on going directly into a 4 year college, will I be OK in the future?
Which WBJEE college has zero attendance?
How does a first year university student learn to be responsible with time?
Should I study in a college affiliated to Westcliff University?
How is the student life in Berlin?
What mobile should I take to college?
What is the best college for active duty Navy personnel to major in accounting?
How is life at Sri Sri University different from the other colleges?
Is it possible to migrate from one medical college to another college abroad by MCI rules and regulation?
How is ragging at SRM?
How does the fact that I left home early and moved away for better education opportunities influence my college application?
How did you figure out that you were at the wrong school at college?
What should I study at college?
How do we get back the feelings of our college days?
How can I become more academically competent in high school to get into a good college?
Is Vijaya Ratna Junior College, Hyderabad a good one?
What can I do if my college refuses to give a (TC) transfer certificate after first year? I am from Mumbai University.
I really can't decide on a college major. What do I do?
Can I study in the next semester, in case I fail with an F grade in the previous semester, in an Indian engineering college?
What is the biggest difference in college/university education between China and America?
Why do you think that MIT has far fewer followers than Harvard and Stanford on Quora but is the subject of more questions?
How do I decide which semester I should go for at RMIT?
Can I change my stream by changing colleges after my first year in India?
What are the effects of going to college?
How difficult is pharmacy college? Has anyone dropped out because of its difficultly?
Should I go to college or prepare for NEET at home?
Which one is a better choice for my situation? Keep working or go to college.
Which country is the best for education abroad?
How can I enjoy my college life if I stay with my parents in Noida?
What should I do to complain about junior colleges in AP that are not giving holidays and are forcing students to attend the college?
How do people who are popular in high school fair in college? Will they lose social momentum or always be on top?
Can I do two majors (accounting and financial mathematics) at Baruch College?
How do you pay for college without scholarships?
How much of an advantage is coming out of college debt free?
What is the college life at SRM for a CSE student?
Should community college professors teach to the majority or minority?
Which organizations can I attend as a university student to increase my network while making the most out of 20s in addition to other activities?
What should your priorities be after college?
What are the best laundry hacks for university?
If the typical stereotypes from the top 10 American universities (via the U.S. World News and World Report) had a conversation, what would it sound like?
What colleges can I apply for as an International student from India?
If all colleges and schools have the same syllabus, why do some schools have good names, and why do others have bad names? On what basis do you decide what is a good school or college?
What are the advantages of studying abroad and doing part-time jobs there rather than studying here?
Why do different colleges have different credit systems? Does it matter?
How much money should one take abroad for study purposes?
Does the college for studying engineering really matter?
Are data structures and algorithms taught in the CCE course at MIT Manipal?
Is it too late to apply for colleges abroad (SAT, Indian student)?
Where are you going to college?
How can I change my college after first year in SPPU?
What did you do the summer after your freshman year in college?
How do you enjoy your college time daily apart from studies?
How would the road taken by a Chemistry UG from a more or less renowned university in India look so that he can end up studying abroad?
Which is better, JU or NIT DGP?
What is the perfect timetable for a BITSian so as to get the best experience of her or his college life?
What is the difference between doing a B.Tech from colleges like Amity (18 lakhs) and other private colleges (4 to 6 lakhs), in the long run?
Can you brag something about yourself or anything about college, etc.?
Can I go outside of a Brilliant Pala hostel to a nearby town on a holiday?
What are the key strategies to pursue startup dreams/side projects as a college student? What advice can you give to a college student?
How much money does an MBA graduate from an Ivy League school make over a lifetime?
Do you need a phone number to go to college?
Does MADE EASY have a hostel facility?
Are internships so necessary in an undergraduate's life?
What is it like to study Physics at the University of Cambridge as a female? Have you ever faced sexism?
How do I talk to my professor about a strangely stagnant participation grade?
Why is an Ivy League degree so valuable?
If you have a college degree, are you smart?
Why should student move out of college dorms every summer?
What should we do if we are confused between choosing two majors in college?
Why do pre-med admissions have to be so number-based?
Is it better to do an internship abroad or in your own country?
Which test should Indians opt for, to study abroad?
Who are the most intense people at Princeton?
One of my friends here at college decided to room together months ago but now were not as close. Do you think rooming is still a good idea?
What are the fees per semester for the study abroad program at MIT?
What bike should I go for as a college student and a teenager?
How I can change my college after first year engineering in SPPU?
How can I find the GPA for studying abroad?
What should I expect in college?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
Should I take a drop for study abroad in the world’s top university for engineering (undergrad)?
Would it be better to finish college before joining the US Air Force, or join a little over half way through college and finish my degree afterwards?
Is Thangavelu Engineering College the best or not?
What might you have missed the most if you had joined another college?
What are my options for higher studies in abroad after completing my MBA from India?
What tips can you give for living alone at an off-campus dorm for college?
Are there any entrance exams that are conducted to study abroad after MBA?
Which is the best position that students will get a good mark in college classrooms?
What would change if you went to a different college instead of the one you originally went to?
What could be the options for JEE rank 128000 OBC NCL?
What are the steps for doing an M.B.A. from an Ivy League university?
Which should one choose, PES South Campus CSE or BMSCE ISE?
How was your dorm experience at UC Riverside?
What is life at Sabanci like for international students?
What happens if I fail in my college semester?
Is College Fuck Fest real or staged?
Has anyone studied abroad after taking the GCE O Levels? When and where did you go, and how is it, so far?
How do I start a film discussion or game club in college? How do I make it unique, and what should I name it?
How many companies in BMSCE or RVCE Bangalore ask for a minimum 10th and 12th percentages during recruitments?
Is a hostel facility available for PG students at IISC?
What is it like studying at Columbia University? How are the professors? How is the grading scheme? How are the examinations?
What’s it like to study computer science at USICT Delhi? What are some hostel rules?
How do I maximize my remaining time in college?
Is it possible to take a road trip for a gap year?
Is SRM a project oriented college or theory oriented college?
Which is the best degree college in Mumbai and the best in Bangalore considering student life and exposure?
What does it feel like to attend class while on cannabis?
What is the life of an American student?
Are there any successful stories of CSE graduates from VIT Vellore?
Will dual enrollment increase my chances of getting into a good college?
How can I deal with a faculty member who has been continuously failing me in one subject for the last 3 years just because I didn’t do the favours he asked for?
Which is the worst degree college in Mumbai​?
What are some examples of useful college degrees?
What can be the disadvantage of leaving a hostel and shifting to a flat with college friends?
What are the top things I should do in high school to get into a prestigious college, be successful, and get the most out of my high school experience?
What is Kumaun University like?
How can we experience college life at its best?
What can an undergraduate do to make it into Cambridge?
What are the reasons you like (or don't like) Velammal?
How is Jain University?
Would you dislike your private tutor if he or she resigned due to a heavy workload at university?
Should you go to university even if it won't further your career?
Can I take admission in US (UG) as a freshman next year if I will be attending 1st year UG in India this current year?
Does every high school and college have an honor code?
What is the most significant moment in your life that would be completely insignificant to anyone else?
What is DIT Dehradun like?
I want to open a cultural club in my college. What steps should I take?
What must an undergraduate pre-med student do to greatly strengthen his/her extracurriculars?
How is hostel life at NUST? Is it better to live in a private hostel?
Which is a better college for a BBA, IBCS of SOA University or KSOM of KIIT University?
Do a PG student get a hostel room in IIT Delhi campus?
What is your college biology class like?
Is the Mechano-Informatics department of the University Of Tokyo an undergraduate course, and if yes, is it a robotics oriented career?
What is the best and cheapest place to work and study abroad?
Is there a semester-abroad program for students studying biotech at SASTRA University?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
Can I still get my BSN if I failed my 1st year of college with a 1.0 GPA? I took some time off, and I feel ready to go back. I have AP credit as well.
Should we pay donations and fees every year for architecture college?
What is the best place to hide contraband (say an iPad) in a dorm room during an unanticipated (you have half an hour only) room inspection?
How do Ivy League colleges see people who transfer without an A.A.?
Where are some good places to go on a gap year, what should I do, and how expensive will it be?
Can you take summer courses at your 4-year institution and at a community college at the same time?
What are the cheapest or affordable colleges to study abroad?
What are the advantages of going abroad for a schoolyear?
Is there any college in Pune where attendance is not necessary?
Can I go abroad for my master's degree with a 62% in 12th class?
How is the semester system helping students with their studies?
Should I turn down Princeton for UChicago for physics and economics?
How do I apply for the Duff Hostel, Kolkata? And how good is it?
Does IGDTUW provide a hostel facility for NCR students?
What is a good summer job for an attractive male college student (age 21) to make a lot of money?
Which is the best college Dhan Mepco?
What is the easiest course to study abroad? I only want to experience traveling and living abroad.
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
Which is the best hostel in Hyderabad?
How good is Amrita University?
How do college students who cannot get jobs earn money for clothes, textbooks, and healthy food?
How are the hostels at M.S. Ramaiah Medical College? Are there curfews? Does anyone have a picture of their room?
Is it good to do GME now? Which colleges provide sponsorship for their students?
College is not for me. How do I move on?
Will failing a general education class in my freshman year hurt me in the long run?
What can you do take to make your college life more productive?
What can I do to become a lawyer in community college and what do I need to major in (I'm currently a business major)?
Can I do two majors (accounting and financial mathematics) at Baruch College?
What is campus relations incharge?
How do I deal with people who are telling me I can’t do something.
How do people who are popular in high school fair in college? Will they lose social momentum or always be on top?
Why do colleges force students to take Gender Studies courses?
Is going to college in the US and starting your life in deep debt really worth it? Should I go to college in Europe?
What are the differences in opportunities and life at Washington University in St. Louis when compared to the Ivy League schools?
I messed up in college. Is my future gone?
How are IISER TVM Vithura campus’ hostel rooms?
How is Chinmaya Naada Bindu different from other music colleges?
What​ things should I do before leaving​ my college​ life​ for a good career?
What are the pros and cons of hostel life at PSG Tech?
Are there community colleges in South Korea?
Where can I volunteer abroad in Honduras as a PreMedical Student or PreNurse Student?
Is it normal for a professor to ask a student for drinks?
What are some best engineering branches to choose for introverts?
What companies pay you to go to college?
What is stopping you from pursuing your dream to study abroad, especially in the USA? Are there any questions you would like to see answered?
Which is better, JU or NIT DGP?
How can I apply for admission into SV Agricultural College in Tirupati?
What is the best RTU college in Jaipur?
What college did Nixon attend after High School?
Should I take a year off from college to develop some deep pursuits?
Did you against all odds get into an Ivy League school?
Were you unschooled and still ended up going to college?
Where do I find a good video production company for an upcoming fest that is going to be held in our college?
Is 18 credits too much for my 1st semester of college?
What do you think about a crowdfunding campaign for a student to study abroad, based on what you will help him?
Does MADE EASY have a hostel facility?
How do I talk to my professor about a strangely stagnant participation grade?
Will I get IT at SRM with an 8,000 rank in category A?
Can I take a cooler and a TV in my hostel room at NITT?
How long should I wait for the college decisions?
Which is the best overseas university at which to study for an MBA in 2017?
As an Indian CA, which foreign colleges will be best for an MBA?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
Why do Arabian universities teach coding on a paper?
What is the best way to study science and music together in the years preceding college?
Is a 90% first-year average at York University sufficient for transfer to UWO?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
Should we take NPTEL courses in the second semester?
I didn't take my freshman year so seriously. I do know I'm capable and was always a Straight-A student. Can I redeem myself in sophomore year?
What steps can I take to become more intelligent and more well rounded while in college?
Is it easier to get into a top college with certain majors?
What is it like in Subodh College?
How is Seshadripuram Composite PU College in Bangalore?
I am on the verge of getting dropped out of college, what should I do to prevent it?
Is College Fuck Fest real or staged?
How is the gym at IHM Pusa?
What is it like studying at Columbia University? How are the professors? How is the grading scheme? How are the examinations?
Can anybody assist me with an application to study abroad?
How is campus life in Ramaiah?
Should I go straight into law school after undergrad or take about a year or two off to get some work experience and volunteer work done?
Can I study law in India and do further studies abroad?
Which is currently the best place to study abroad after engineering?
What is the most effective way to reach out to college administrators about speaking on their campuses?
As an incoming college freshman studying biomedical engineering, how can I become a management consultant?
I’m in college and I feel like I’m forgetting most of what I learned in the classes I took. What can I do to keep that information and build from it?
What are the advantages of going to a newer university?
Is it okay to be alone in college?
Is there evidence that colleges should rescind people for bad grades as seniors?
Is it true that most of the students from BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE get placed into TCS, Wipro, Accenture and other mass recruiting companies?
What are the college timings of MES PU college?
What is your craziest Club Weldon experience at Western University?
Does Ragging happen in AIIMS?
How do I apply for Jain College Pre-University courses?
Is Ulster business school a good university
How do I upgrade my college results?
Do your relationships from your college days matter so much in the future?
Is AAFT College good for design​?
How does King’s College compare with Oxbridge?
Is it advisable to return to India after completing Bachelors from abroad?
What should be my choice stream in college so that it's beneficial in the next four years?
If I fail out of a pretty good university, what are my options for potentially transferring to another college?
Which are the best non integrated PU college in Bangalore?
Is it the college/university that makes a difference in a student's life, or is it the student himself/herself that makes the difference?
At Australia University, prices are going up and we no longer get 10% off. We must pay when we reach $42K. Do they not want us to go to university?
What's it like studying for an MSc in GGD at Oxford?
What are the facilities at IIHM hostel? Could you please send a picture?
What's the best advice for a college kid going into his final year of college?
What medical tests are required to study abroad?
Will there be ragging in biochemistry?
What are the criterions for a GMAT student to get a scholarship to study abroad?
Is it possible for me to change colleges if I have a KT?
What is it about school life that makes you start missing it a lot thereafter in college/elsewhere even though when being there, you may have disliked it?
I'm 18 (student college, male) and I am falling in love with guy student too in my college. Am I gay?
Are the smartest students at Ivy League schools smarter than average engineering students at top state schools or about the same?
Should I stay in university or go to a community college?
What are the pranks and masti that engineers, especially girls, do during their hostel lives?
What should I study in a university if I want to build smartphones?
How can a student enjoy his student life?
What facilities are given in a KIIT double-bedded AC hostel?
How difficult is it to transfer to an Ivy from a CC?
Is doing an apprenticeship a good idea after college and before university?
What can I do if my college refuses to give a (TC) transfer certificate after first year? I am from Mumbai University.
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Can I transfer to another college in Pune?
How can I go to college in the UK, as an undergrad?
Did anyone hate university/college?
What is the procedure to change colleges at RGPV University?
Where do TISS Mumbai students live who don’t get hostel on campus? What are the charges to stay off campus?
Which are the best private campuses in Jaipur WRT, for the education and campus life?
Which is best scholarship exam for studying abroad?
What are the things that an Indian student must keep in mind in order to get into the leading universities abroad?
When should we report to KIIT if our first year classes start on July 19th?
Which Chennai colleges do not care about attendance?
Which college in Mumbai would be the best to apply to for journalism (undergrad) if I am keen on going abroad and settling there for my post-grad?
Would you consider a 2-year gap from college a big deal, or would it have been better to go to college as soon as I graduated from high school?
How is student life at the GL Bajaj Institute of Technology, Noida?
I started slacking on my work in my research laboratory, and I believe my PI now hates me. How can I improve things going forward?
Which is better for a first-year student at RVCE - living in the hostel or a PG?
What should your priorities be after college?
How should I explain why I took a gap year after 12th?
Can a Columbian student take classes at NYU Tisch?
I’ve heard that colleges in Delhi often see cases of ragging of freshers. Is it true?
If the typical stereotypes from the top 10 American universities (via the U.S. World News and World Report) had a conversation, what would it sound like?
What is the college criteria for applying to a foreign university?
Which is the better option for first-year housing at Williams College, Mission Park or Frosh Quad?
How good is ISBF hostel?
Can I join an LLB course at another college after completing a BBA?
How safe is the DU hostel for girls?
Which Indian college has the tallest student hostel building? How many storeys does it have?
Is it too late to apply for colleges abroad (SAT, Indian student)?
How do I study psychology abroad after 12?
Is 1180 on the SAT good for a college like MSU? What are my chances?
What are the best places in abroad to study plant biology?
What does it mean if a student got a year-back and took re-admission to the same college/university?
Is there any advantages for applying to colleges lower than your qualifications?
Should I attend UCSD or wait and apply to UCLA or CAL?
Which courses get the most application in college?
How is the hostel life at Shiv Nadar University for freshers?
What are the most important skills to have in college life?
What do you think about Thiyagaraja College?
As a college student, what steps should I take to begin investing?
What is the typical day routine of a student at XLRI-J?
I'm turning 20 this year. I dropped out of high school but I got my GED shortly after. Should I go to college? Is college worth it?
How do I access the University of Chicago’s Joe and Rika Mansueto Library without being a student there?
Can foreign exchange high school students in the USA go to college/university later?
What do girls think of a boy who is made fun of by everyone in college?
Should I opt for a single or a shared room in my engineering college hostel?
What college should I go to if I want to be an astrophysicist? Which college will I get for a BSc in Physics?
Why are high school and college students stressed out about finals?
How is hostel life at IIITD?
What is the true meaning of study in our college?
How can I study for my bachelor’s degree abroad for one semester and come back again to my main university?
How can I do my higher studies in medicine abroad?
What should we do if we are confused between choosing two majors in college?
What was Carolyn Bessette like in college?
How do I get an international student loan in Malaysia for studying abroad?
How can I improve my personality as a university student?
What is the eligibility to study abroad for MBBS?
How do I sell my books in College Street, Kolkata?
Is it okay to fall in love during student life?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
How is life at VIT Chennai?
Do/Did you have some awesome and chilled-out roommates in college? What are they doing now?
What should college students do if they have fallen into a state of depression?
What is the college major that will most likely make me rich?
Why do I feel conflicted about not leaving home for college?
How can I find my passion if I have been a college student for three years?
How well known is Columbia University in Australia?
How do I visit colleges far away?
What is different about Ravenshaw University?
What is life like when you enter an Ivy League school?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
How do some people who aren't even competent enough to graduate from college start successful companies?
How can one use the Internet in an NSIT hostel during the first year?
How had been your experience of travelling to a foreign country for the first time for college (specifically USA)?
If you become a college freshman again, what course would you take?
What is the ideal number of roommates for college?
What excuse should I use if I don’t attend a college course?
If I'm staying in GNITS’ hostel, can I go off campus after college?
Why don't my parents want me to study abroad?
Why is it so easy to isolate yourself at college?
How do I maximize my remaining time in college?
How are the reviews of CollegeDekho’s support of students?
Should I attend TCNJ for engineering?
I am in college, I want to learn about science, but I also know I want to make movies in the future. What should I major in?
Does studying hard at college matter?
What is the procedure for get hostel facilities within the campus?
Should it be okay for college professors to use a textbook that they wrote (in a conflict of interest sense)?
Does your UG Engineering college matter for your PG abroad?
What are some tips for succeeding in first year of university?
What can an undergraduate do to make it into Cambridge?
What is it like being a teacher for over 25 years?
Are there any universities where students use virtual money for buying stuff around their campus? How does the system work?
How can I prepare to go to college at 16?
Can I start a PG in Coimbatore near PSG college?
How can you become a millionaire during your college days?
Should I study abroad after my B.Com programme from Delhi University (regular)?
Can I change my final year project name after having submitted it to my college?
How much does it cost to study in Ivy League colleges?
Is being on the fit team worth it for college applications?
How can I an Indian study in a university abroad?
Does getting a master’s degree mean a few more years of college life?
What does it look like, when I did badly my first semester of college then did better my second semester?
Can international students work outside of the college in the U.S.? How can they get an on-campus job in the U.S.?
Is Herald college Kathmandu a good college?
Will a university still accept me, if I failed a community college course?
Is it a bad thing if I feel like college isn't for me?
How does the fact that I left home early and moved away for better education opportunities influence my college application?
What do you look for in an undergrad college?
Does being able to pay for college increase my acceptance chances?
Can I write first and second year degree exams in the same year without taking first year classes?
How is the first day of Medical College?
What's a summer session in a university?
Can we go for a branch change after the first year in Nirma University?
How can I become more academically competent in high school to get into a good college?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
Should one take MWF or TTh classes for college?
What are some tips for wisely scheduling your freshman year's college classes?
Is it a bad idea to study abroad in high school if it will delay my graduation?
Can anyone suggest college, which has courses of BBA like RIIMs college, IE. Study two years in Mumbai and rest 1 year in UK?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
What is your advice for a science undergrad?
Is it true that boys are allowed into the girls’ hostel, even into their rooms, in IITs?
I wish to pass college but I don't want to attend classes or do the Cornell notes required. What should I do?
I'm studying abroad in Virginia (W&M) next year, does anyone have any tips or advice for someone from England?
How is life at the Nandagiri Hostel for girls in Mangalore?
What are some good colleges in India and abroad for studying Masters in Digital Media?
What's something that you wish you had known during your freshman year of college?
How important is community service when applying for the universities for an MS?
How can I convince my father that I want to go abroad for my higher education?
I did poorly on my math placement exam for college. Should I take the catch up class?
Are boys allowed to enter girls’ hostels at BITS?
Should I take a gap year for an MBBS for the third time?
Is Shri Ram College of Commerce fun? Is there any ragging?
What are all the possible college majors?
Can a student stay in PGs instead of hostels in MUJ?
Is it possible to migrate from Delhi (IP University) to a college in Nagpur without dropping a year?
Is education really that important for employment in a society in which the majority of people go to college? Isn't work experience more valuable?
Do you have to be smart to major in STEM?
Where did Russ Cox go to undergrad?
What skills should I acquire before going to an Engineering college?
What universities are the best ones for web-designer/developers?
Will the college know if a student hires an admission consultant? Does it really help? I have a feeling it's not fair to people who cannot afford it.
We have only 5 clubs in school, and not all remain active throughout the year. Does that mean I am in a serious disadvantage in college applications?
Out of all the possible college majors, what is the weirdest or most useless major?
How many semesters are there in CSE at GNE College Ludhiana?
Is there anyone from Algonquin College, Canada?
What is the easiest and economical way to go abroad?
Are internships so necessary in an undergraduate's life?
What should I do with my creepy neighbor?
Which Ivy League school has the best football team?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
I am studying MBBS in a private college. Can I change my college after 1st year and get adimission in 2nd year in a goverment college?
Is it possible to do a pre-med in the US and then apply to another country for specialisation?
Does ragging happen in Mumbai colleges?
What are the procedures to transfer from one college to another (autonomous) when they belong to different universities in Tamil Nadu?
How was your first semester at SUAS Indore?
What is your ideal way of spending the last day in college?
Can you recount a time when you started off really badly as a freshman undergrad in premed but managed to get into your choice of medical school?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
What is similarity private and state university?
Why do Indian students go for higher studies aboard? Is it for better education quality or something else?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
Why college education requires so much of cramming up?
Why do many students still learn Python 2 instead of 3 at college now?
Will Infosys provide the same batch for the same college students?
Is Thangavelu Engineering College the best or not?
What should I do in my MSBTE gap year?
What would a good game engine senior thesis be about?
How is the college life at VIT Vellore?
What did you get after you got into college and lost something?
What can you tell me about Nalsar University?
What would change if you went to a different college instead of the one you originally went to?
Which is best for doing Engineering, SVCE or Brindavan College?
What are your best moments in your freshman year?
Will a 22 year old boy joining as a first year student be ragged at AFMC just like the others? What does the ragging include?
What is it like to graduate from IMS?
Does your GPA improve if you take more introductory courses?
Where do I find photos of IGIMS Patna especially the UG hostel rooms?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
How do I develop my individual value in college?
What are some suggestions for a good quality, affordable tenor saxophone for a college student who would like to play again after a long break (5+ years)?
After I graduate, I will no longer be eligible to be part of my parents’ life insurance. What is an affordable option for a college student in California?
Should I go to college to be a film/TV writer? If not, what school should I go to?
What is the use of a good CGPA in college? How will it be useful?
What are the good options for studying medicine abroad for an Indian at a low cost, and which are approved by the Medical Council of India?
Which is the worst degree college in Mumbai​?
If you could go to a college, which one would it be?
Where can I find some CMI hostel & room pictures?
What should one avoid when he/she is in their first year of college?
Which is the best college to study an MBA at abroad? Also, what are the admission criteria?
What is the procedure to change the college branch in Canada?
How big of a roll does the name of a college play in placements? Is it necessary to get admitted to a college that requires a large amount of fees?
Is a hostel stay mandatory for everyone at Ashoka University? I live just 30 minutes away and I don't want to stay in a hostel?
I keep failing classes and don't think I'm meant for college. Should I get an easy useless degree or cut my losses and drop out?
Is there a site where I can read college essays from students? Not admissions but papers they must turn in for class.
How do you make the last exam of your student career memorable?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What are the suitable partime jobs for college students?
If a college student is looking for a job, would you recommend them posting flyers around town and in people’s mailboxes?
As a college student who lives in a dorm, what is your cheap, ultimate savior from hunger?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
What should I do, if I can not do well in my major during college?
How many first year students who are not from Karnataka are opting for the hostel in RVCE?
What resources did Manish Bhattacharya use to become such an expert in security in just 1 year, during his college days?
I want to study abroad but I cannot afford a lot. What all options do I have?
How is the girls' hostel facility at NIELIT, Aurangabad?
What happens if I passed all my classes my first semester in college but end up failing almost half of my classes my second semester in college?
How can I create my own student honor code?
Which college has good placements, KMIT, SNIST or MGIT?
How is student life in Ostrava?
What did not it work for you at the university?
Do I need my highschool subject notes for college?
Does Maitreyi College offer a BTech course?
How many (an estimated percentage) junior college transfers does UCBerkeley accept?
Can we change our department after the first year in Thapar university?
Is your current occupation the career you wanted when you were attending college?
What is the deadline for hostel rooms in Chandigarh University?
I can graduate in 3 years or study abroad at UCL for a year and graduate in 3.5 years instead. Which option should I go for and why?
What are things college students can do besides studying?
How do we get back the feelings of our college days?
What is the dorm/house culture like at Burton-Judson (BJ) at UChicago?
Do MAMC hostels have AC for MBBS students?
How hard will it be for me to get into Barnard College?
What courses do you recommend to take at a Community College for someone aiming a CS degree from an elite university?
When will classes start at Narayana Junior College for academic year 2017?
Is Vijaya Ratna Junior College, Hyderabad a good one?
What is the best type of private loan for a poor adult to take out to go back to college in the US?
What are the effects of going to college?
Is it better to get admission in a college or university in Canada?
Should I go to college or prepare for NEET at home?
Do colleges look whether you got expelled?
What university do you want to go to?
Which country is the best for education abroad?
Should I join the family business or go abroad for a masters in management?
Is it possible for an average engineering student to work after college without a considerable decrease in his academic performance?
Is getting into a really reputed college like IITs or IIMs, important?
Does taking AP biology a year early serve any purpose?
Is it possible to take graduate level courses in US colleges without being admitted to the college?
How is DSE (Delhi University), in terms of academic pressure?
Is UC Berkeley a good school for a pre-med track?
Can I do CA with regular CA college?
What do I need to know to avoid 'culture shock' if I want to study abroad?
Is a high grade point average in college going to help you get paid more in the working world?
Even a year after graduating from college, I still regret not having done well. Is this normal, and how can I resolve it?
Is there any scholarships that covers 100% of our expenses for studying abroad? The course should be non-professional and at master's level.
Which scholarships are exam based for studying abroad? Can you name a few?
What colleges can I apply for as an International student from India?
Which banks in India provide undergraduate diploma loans for studying abroad?
Is it necessary for those students who got a "backlog" in the first semester at KIIT to attend summer classes?
Is it bad if I am not in a high school club but do other extracurricular activities that I enjoy?
Is studying abroad after a scholarship at SAT expensive?
Does the college for studying engineering really matter?
What do you think about your college life?
If I want to study abroad for MBBS which is the best country?
When will KIIT notify me about the commencement of the classes and hostel accommodation?
What do you think of the Japanese government scholarship for foreigners (MEXT)? Is it worth giving up my major (medicine) to apply for medicine through MEXT?
Can I get into a TA /RA at the University of Houston College of Technology in the second semester?
How is being a freshman in college different from being a freshman in highschool?
How is the MGIT College in Gandipet?
What is harder between finance and economics?
Which is more economical at DU, hostel or PG?
How is the life of an ECE student in VIT Chennai/Vellore?
Do you miss college?
Which is better, majoring in math, physics, engineering, or computer science?
How much money does an MBA graduate from an Ivy League school make over a lifetime?
Which is the official study abroad consultant for Ireland universities or institution in Delhi?
What is the difference between undergraduate and college technology studies in Japan?
How often do you attend M.com classes of Delhi University? Is the attendance necessary to maintain?
Who has gotten into dental school at Arizona State (online)?
How can I get a scholarship to study an MBA abroad?
Is it a good idea to study abroad? What are the good and bad sides of it?
Is it possible for someone who won a scholarship to study in the US be issued a visa to study abroad?
Will I have free time after college?
Does St. Stephen's College decide its cutoff based on the performance of the students that have applied?
When do MIT students move out of dorms?
Is there a mental condition that would account for a friend's 20-year-old son dropping out of college and losing interest in absolutely everything?
I’m a junior in college, and I have a crush on a girl. I feel like my focus is shifting. What can I do?
Are state colleges bad?
How many days is college in the UK?
Can we have air coolers in the hostel rooms of Amrita’s engineering college?
How do I apply for a summer semester abroad after my first year?
While being an international student in America, did you feel any pressure because your English wasn't very "American"?
How can an Indian student study abroad?
What are your reviews/opinions on Humber College?
Which colleges in Mumbai can take me in second year for BBA?
How can I apply for a dorm in Budapest? (my school doesn't have it)
How do I travel with no money (Gap year)?
What is Teach for America? Is it a type of grant or something?
How do I get a scholarship?
Is NLUO good in terms of placements and college life or should I take SLS Pune?
How can l make more money in college?
Due to financial issues I couldn’t attend college for 2 years. I’m in a B.Com and now I can continue. How can I continue, rejoin and clear the ATKT exams?
What should I do if not all of my credits from my community college are fully transfered to my new university?
Can I be successful in life even though I don't like the idea of going to college?
How do I get a seat in RBVR hostel (Reddy hostel) in Hyderabad?
Do you feel that segregation of "Whites" is acceptable on a college campus?
Should I still go to college if I'm engaged to a surgeon?
How are college days similar and different to school days? Do we get enough time to waste?
What would you recommend to a freshman psychology major?
Does taking readmission in first year clear out our first year record and give a a CGP based on only four years?
Do you think attending university made you more empathetic?
What happens if I fail in my college semester?
Do I have to retake courses I took in high school again in college?
How does a college/university student analyze someone’s statements, written and oral, based on other information, according to Barbara Hughes?
Has there ever been a case where an impoverished student was thwarted from attending an Ivy League school because he or she couldn't pay the application fee?
What's the difference between BHU main campus and its affiliated colleges in terms of education level, class semester and hostel charges?
What is the best motto and slang for a college technical club?
Is it worthy to study computer science/computer engineering abroad?
How is the ISM college of Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan for Indian students?
How was your experience at U of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school? What is the average grade in most classes?
Why do students go to Starbucks to study instead of studying at home?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of doing an MBA abroad? (I am Indian.)
How is the life of an MBA student different from an M.Tech student?
How is life for a women studying in NLSIU? How is the hostel facility?
How is the college life at Mount Carmel College, Bangalore?
Am I wrong for postponing going to college because I'm terrified of debt?
What is the hardest/easiest college math basic?
What matters more, where you go to college or how you do in college?
How is the food at SRM Easwari College hostel?
How do I live with the fact that I did not study at a good college? How do I break the feeling of mediocrity?
What are the average monthly living expenses for an international graduate student at UCLA/UC Berkeley/TAMU/Purdue? Do you have any housing suggestions?
What's the thing you hate about your engineering college the most?
Can I go abroad now, if I completed my 10th in 2013?
What will be the selection of colleges if I get 38,000 in JEXPO?
What are some minimalist wardrobe ideas for college going students?
Which is the most “happening” university in Indonesia for intellectually rigorous and confident conversations on weighty issues?
Can I get admission in another college and give the KT which I got from my previous college?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
Which residence halls are NYU's oldest residence halls?
How is the Mahesh PU College in Kalaburgi?
What was the most challenging class you took in college?
Are rooms available for students in Lalpur?
What should I wear for a college function?
It is going to be my first year at KIIT. What luggage should I take with me?
Which is the best university for psychology teachers, Columbia University in New York or University College in the UK?
How do I earn money in college life?
How is KIIT hostel life for 1st year students?
Did you find non-credit language courses at a community college to be benificial?
Should I drop out of college to do business?
Could foreign students take Fudan University undergraduate courses that is in Chinese for four years?
Do you have pictures of your first day school?
What are common room/dormitory at Manipal hostel?
I’m in danger of falling below a 2.0 GPA at UC Berkeley after finishing my freshman year. What are my options to improve?
How do I study well in my college after not getting into any IIT/NIT?
Is that true that the Delhi University members who will check our papers will easily give us the marks because it is our last year?
Should I drop out of college and become a full-time freelancer?
How do I explain that I'm not returning to college next semester?
What are the scholarships for MBBS graduates for pursuing their MD abroad?
What can you tell about KL University?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
How do you take a gap year before UC Berkeley?
What are the PU board languages offered at PU College?
Is Northwest Suburban College genuine?
What should I study at college?
Does Bakliwal have a hostel?
Does someone have to attend college and obtain a degree before they can become wealthy?
How is the hostel facility at Amity at the Bangalore campus?
How can I study abroad with scholarship by taking coaching?
What should you learn before moving out for college?
Is GMC, Mumbai overrated?
How is the career after doing hotel management from IHM PUSA? How is the student life and facilities provided to the students in the hostel?
Which is the best FIITJEE junior college in Hyderabad?
What is the college life at SRM for a CSE student?
Are private universities in Georgia better than public universities?
How does going to a college change a person's life?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Has anyone studied in St Agnes College, Mangalore, or is a student present?
How excellent is PU College of Moodubidire?
Is maths compulsory for studying in Australia? If it is compulsory, then what can I do to go abroad?
How is the hostel at Jain University, Banglore?
What are outside-college opportunities in Jaipur?
Do M.Tech students fail at IISc?
Has anyone ever transferred from UC Berkeley to UCLA successfully?
Do the renowned business schools in the US (like the Ivy League schools) prefer the applications of engineers more than those of the commerce graduates from India?
How do I find the motivation to study in the last semester?
Which is better between SRM and GITAM?
Should I get admission in a BCA in GLA University, Mathura? What is its hostel like for girls and what are the charges and facilities, too?
Which college does Hrishabh Upadhyay study in?
How is the ragging scenario at IIIT Bangalore?
Is there anyone who studied from a third class college but is currently doing the best job?
Can we go outside Amrita University on weekends as hostellers?
Should I go for Green River Community College, Bellevue Community College, or Shoreline Community College for a computer science major?
What should I do as my charitable contribution that will make me stand out in the college admission process?
Which is the best girls hostel in Kolkata?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How did your life change after studying in North Campus, Delhi University?
Can I study in abroad in the Netherlands after my 10th class from India?
I am 21 and have only just started attending college. I recently got my GED and got accepted into college with good scores. Is it okay to be this late?
Did you hire a professional college planner, and, if yes, how was it valuable for you/your student?
How does it feel when you leave college after 4 years of studying engineering?
Is UCLA better than USC?
What is the ladies’ hostel like at ITER in Bhubaneswar?
Can I get into a CS course in a college if my GPA is low?
What do you think about those students who study MBA from small town colleges?
Does ragging take place in NITs, even in 2017?
Should I go to Emory University or Middlebury College?
How long do/did you take doing homework in your freshman and sophomore year of highschool?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
Can Cambridge students study in libraries not of their own college on a regular basis?
What is the best time table of each day in summer vacation for a college student?
What are the best places to study plant biology abroad?
How was the first day at medical college?
Is IGRUA tough?
What are some good biology experiment ideas for college students?
Are there any scholarships abroad for Indian students of the class X CBSE?
Is ragging really necessary for senior-junior interaction? Aren't there any alternatives other than ragging for "interaction"?
Should I retake a class in which I got a C to increase my graduate school chances?
Who do you think is/was the most popular guy of your college and how would you explain his popularity?
What is your hostel experience like at St. Stephens, Delhi?
Which college should I attend after 10th?
Why do I like eating too much?
When does spring break start for college students?
Is it ok to change universities in your second year?
I got 130 marks in MU OET 2017. Can I get ECE?
What is your opinion about hostel life?
Can service members attend religious colleges for free?
What sort of crisis is Walchand College of Engineering going through?
Should I take a gap year after my high school?
Do international students in Ivy League universities in the US get as well paying jobs as their American counterparts?
In counselling at any college, do I have to pay the fee first and then select my desired course?
Is taking three college science classes difficult?
How are medical colleges in the Caribbean?
As a college student, how can I get a patent?
Is it better to study abroad or in Vietnam?
What exactly do I have to do to study in the USA? Is it only my SAT examination or is there anything beyond that which should be considered?
Do you think college should start one year earlier in the American school system?
Why do professors insist on having an exam on an exact day at an exact time?
How does International Affiliations of colleges help the students?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a fellow college student say?
When do Harvard students (including graduating seniors) move out of dorms?
Is it better to take a gap year or get into college and prepare for the 2018 JEE simultaneously? My parents don’t want me to take a gap year.
Is it worth being in a six figure debt to study abroad?
How can I become prepared financially before going back to my university?
Is it better to stay in hostel or home while doing engineering?
Are there any successful stories of CSE graduates from VIT Vellore?
Where do students hangout the most in Kochi?
Would you continue to go to college if your family was poor?
What are kids fresh out of college doing?
What should my curriculum be comprised of to go to an Ivy League School? Essentially, how many APS should I take?
Can you give a suggestion for a daily routine for a student who has to go to college at 8:30 am and the student cannot return home before 6pm?
What are the events to be conducted in college?
Is it worth trying to get a job in your hometown just 2 months before you move away to college?
How can I write a leave application for college?
QB released the College Prep Scholars decision. How competitive is it now that in 2017, 12,000 juniors applied but only 3,700~ were accepted?
Did you let your kid study at the same school/college where you had studied? If so, what did you like, and if not, what did you dislike?
Should I drop college without paying the full fees of a BDS course?
What is the quality of hostel in KIIT?
Can you become a lawyer by attending a college in Canada or can it only be done by attending a university?
Does Amity University Mumbai take students anywhere to study abroad for 12 days as per mentioned in their syllabus on their website?
What are the reasons to go to the University of Florida versus going to the University of Wisconsin?
What is the point of going to a really good college like Harvard, if you can go to a less known college and get the same education?
What were your most heartbreaking moments in college life?
How do I sign up for college?
Is a BFTech degree recognized abroad? What are some good foreign colleges for an MFTech?
What community college classes can I take as a pre-requisite for International Relations at UC Berkeley?
Are there any outside scholarships based solely on academic performance for US college students?
What is your review of California State Polytechnic University, Pomona?
What are the feelings about studying abroad in China?
How can I graduate college in one year with 66 credit hours?
How do I apply in Gujrat colleges?
Did your college studies helped you in your journey to success?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
Should I study in a college affiliated with the University of Wolverhampton?
How much can a Trinity College Dublin student from India earn during college?
What are some combinations of college majors for the future?
Is it possible to double-major in biology and philosophy, while taking the required premed courses, and still graduate in four years?
What should be my UG course if I want to do pyrotechnics or explosives?
Which is better for engineering: autonomous college or university?
When transferring from a community college to a university, should I take 75 credits to receive a 2-year degree and meet transfer requirements, or take 60 to receive a non 2-year degree?
How is Patkar College?
How do I make most of my engineering college life in AISSMS COE, Pune?
Can I transfer to a new school for my final semester?
How is Banasthali?
Are outsiders allowed to stay with students in IIM hostels? I mean apart from the married student dorm or something.
Is it advisable to create your own uniform at college?
What can I do in my current college (NYU) that will make me just as competitive for jobs as someone who went to an elite school (like Harvard)?
What is the experience of studying at Ulster University?
What is a tight end in college football?
What are the possibilities after an MBA from Henley Business School, UK, for non-EU students?
Is anyone going to Deakin University at the Geelong waterfront campus in July 2017?
What are the colleges that provide scholarships in AP based on the PGECET?
Are data structures and algorithms taught in the CCE course at MIT Manipal?
What did you do the summer after your freshman year in college?
What is Sri Chaitanya’s main campus girls’ hostel in Madapur like?
Can I join the rangers, and go to college, at the same time?
Is it better to do medical in India or abroad?
What could be the things that I might have to keep in mind while forming a Bhangra society in college?
Which university is better regarding the quality of life in the city and the condition of the dorms, Suzhou University or Shanghai Normal University?
Does IISER Mohali give one room for one student during a BSMS course or do students need to share their room with other student as well?
What is some advice to handle a double major in college?
What can l do at Stanford university?
What are the curricular activities required for aerospace to study abroad after appearing for ACT?
What's it like to study at Vassar College?
What is life like in IITs?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What are some of the most unforgettable experiences at college?
I've worked in a factory since out HS. I'm now 37 and want change. Is it a bad idea to start at 0 and go to college for forestry or land conservation?
What are some ways of studying abroad after doing IIT?
Do employers care if you went to a community college?
How does West Point compare to other colleges and Ivy League schools?
Does a gifted child get any benefits for their college studies?
Does anyone get to know that you are a management quota student in Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune?
What is dorm life like at IIM-A?
What are some of the most useful college majors that don't have to do with math/science?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
If I am sure about taking a program from the community college, should I do the prerequisites/generals in a 4-year university or do them at college?
If you have a college degree, are you smart?
Does anybody inquire for caste reserved students in college?
I’m changing college after the first year, do I need a gap-year affidavit?
Is it better to do an internship abroad or in your own country?
How is a job at a BEd college on a contractual basis or as a guest lecturer?
How is your college life?
After college, why does it feel like you have no meaning in life though you do have?
What is the best part about going to college in Denver?
How would you describe each and rank each of the first year dorms at Carnegie Mellon?
Can someone with an Urdu education board class 12 pass certificate study for a BBA in any university?
What are the fees per semester for the study abroad program at MIT?
I dropped out of college without telling my parent, what should I do?
Will the College of William and Mary look down on me as a transfer applicant for attending Liberty University?
How hard would life be if you don't go to college?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
Should I be self-conscious about going to an Ivy League school?
Which choice should I make, university credits plus GPA improvement or community college?
What’s the average debt of college graduates?
Which university/college is the best for Pre Medical degree?
What is the best thing about hostels in IISc?
How many Ivy League graduates graduated from their top elite university maybe a decade ago, and are super wealthy today?
Do first year students get hostels at NIT Raipur?
What are the steps for doing an M.B.A. from an Ivy League university?
What is life at Sabanci like for international students?
Has anyone studied abroad after taking the GCE O Levels? When and where did you go, and how is it, so far?
Is a hostel facility available for PG students at IISC?
Dropping out of college or Continue?
Which company gives the fastest data in NIT, Durgapur?
How is your college/university's hostel mess? (food and ambience)?
Does any college student want to know about Business Analytics - what exactly does it mean, and what are the jobs like on a day-to-day basis?
What should we do to apply for abroad studies with scholarship?
Which matters more, the college or the branch?
Which is the better college, SASTRA or RVC?
Is it good if one starts preparing for GMAT from second year of his college life?
What is most important about student life?
Does every college student feel that he got admission to a bad college?
Is internal sliding possible after first year in NIT Puducherry?
What are the levels of education in college?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of college drop out?
Whats the maximum amount of AP credit that can transfer to colleges?
What is the dorm life like at Manipal University?
Is KMIT a good college for EIE?
Should I leave my engineering in 2nd year due to mental harassment by management and professors and rejoin another college?
How do engineers from Jadavpur University deal with themselves when they don't get campus placement?
What is the best college in Bangalore to study B.Com at an affordable fee?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
Would it be better to take a hostel at agricultural engineering colleges, rather than live outside the hostel? I have heard that hostel life is too noisy and there is no environment to study.
How are the hostel facilities and faculty in MSRUAS?
I've got mechanical at VIT Chennai. How's it to be a mechanical student at VIT? Also, do people from different branches interact?
Are the conditions of the hostels and mess at MANIT Bhopal worse now?
Which college should I choose for a business degree in finance, Lakehead University, Humber College, or Sheridan College?
What is preventing state school boards from emphasizing skilled trades instead of college preparedness?
How is the student life in Berlin?
How is life at Sri Sri University different from the other colleges?
I will turn 18 at the end of my freshmen year at college. What is the experience like for someone who is younger than most people in college?
How many IIRM students went abroad for studying?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
What is a day in the life of a private school or college professor who lives on campus like?
How much will you rate your happiness level for studying in India?
Where can I get an educational sponsor for my on-hold B.Pharm. degree?
What is it like to go to a university in Canada, as an American?
Does participating in many clubs have more weight in college applications than, say, two sports?
Do people bunk office for 3 to 4 hours daily, like students do in colleges?
How is Indian student life in Italy. Are there vacancies?
What are the cons of doing distance learning or pursuing open colleges for post-graduation?
Is it hard to go to college for softball?
Which will be best for me, Amrita or VIT, keeping in mind I want studies and college life together?
What is the biggest difference in college/university education between China and America?
Can we use phones in the Pala Brilliant Study Centre and hostel?
What amount of scholarship can a student expect in PESSAT Bangalore College?
Can a NIOS student go abroad for higher studies?
Is it okay to politely walk out of a seminar or lecture at a university?
How's Changa University?
Why is the food of engineering college hostels bad?
What will you do if your parents refuse to pay your college first semester fees until you tell your weight and bring it down to their target level?
Is it natural to get turned on when teaching girls in college?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Do you want to study medical from abroad?
Do college students frequently read their professors' papers?
How do you pay for college without scholarships?
Will having a student conduct strike for being in the presence of marijuana prevent me from being able to transfer to another university?
How much of an advantage is coming out of college debt free?
What things do I need to know about web developing that I would learn in college?
How can some college students afford to travel the world while still in college?
Which organizations can I attend as a university student to increase my network while making the most out of 20s in addition to other activities?
Can I join a college without having my conduct certificate?
Is it worth it to work while in college or should I wait until I graduate?
What's the student life like at XJTLU in the Department of Biological Science?
How is the hostel life at NIT Surat? How are the food, the washrooms, electricity, student security, etc.?
Why do so many students from Asia study at American universities?
What is taught in the first year of college?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad in Europe for people outside of Europe?
How can I change my college after first year in SPPU?
Is Bangalore College an anti-ragging campus?
Does college have summer classes?
Will colleges and universities be debarred from political activities?
What is the perfect timetable for a BITSian so as to get the best experience of her or his college life?
Which universities or colleges are the best for acting and drama studies abroad?
As a Moroccan student studying for a Master’s in Cybersecurity and interested in doing research abroad in Cryptography, of what can you advise me?
What are the benefits of studying at JIS College of Engineering?
Can I take prerequisite med courses at two-year Community College, by majoring in psych, then transfer and get a psych bachelor’s at a 4-year college and apply to med school?
Why am I so bad at English when my native language is English?
What are the top colleges for studying HR abroad?
Does anyone think they have done graduation with the wrong major?
What are the campus interview/placement colleges and universities in Coimbatore? Which courses will be useful/suitable for girl students in BE?
Which college should one choose for a BBA/BMS - Mount Carmel College or H. R. College of Commerce and Economics?
What is the best phone experience you've had at Shri Ram College of Commerce?
Which colleges are the best fits for me?
How is life like in an American university or college?
What are the things to take when you are entering a hostel?
Is it possible to attend 4 different universities all at once, even if it is illegal?
Engineering/Science vs Pre-Med. Which is harder?
What should I do for charity that will make me stand out in the college admission process?
Is it haram not to share notes and educational videos with your classmates in college in order to get a scholarship and be the first one?
Are there any suggestions for students who intend to study abroad (Australia)?
What inspired you to join the AFMC? Was it your first choice?
How are the IIHM colleges?
Is full fee reimbursement available in Muffakham Jah College?
What are the happiest moments in your college life?
What is the standard of DAV (PG) College in terms of studying at BHU? Does it provide a hostel facility also? How does it differ from BHU main campus?
In hostels, do we get separate rooms or double beds?
How can you spend your college holidays wisely during a school assembly?
I’m balancing BJJ as a busy college student with a job. Do you have any tips?
Do some colleges allow guys to have girl roommates? Which colleges?
How is the review of CIC, DU?
How is the quality of life for undergrad students at Stanford?
How do I start college with no money and no job?
How did you deal with a person who couldn't take a hint and leave you alone?
Which is the best college in Tiruppur?
Is every college big?
What do you think of college drop-outs in India?
Is it better to do medicine in India or abroad?
What are some useful secrets that you know, but most people do not?
Pronoy Bhat has done UG studies from which college?
Are there college scholarships available in the US for a student in a low-income family with a high ACT score (35) but an average GPA?
Why would a girl with a 4.6 GPA and a 36 ACT, who plays elite soccer and is never in trouble, be rejected by Ivy League schools?
Which is the best position that students will get a good mark in college classrooms?
What is the most interesting thing that you experienced in your school or college days?
Are there any entrance exams that are conducted to study abroad after MBA?
Which can be the best college for BA LLB?
How are undergraduate freshmen assigned dorms at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign? Do we get our first preference?
How is IIIT Kota for CSE?
How can I change colleges after completing my first year at BAF?
What are some suggestions for dealing with psoriasis as a college student?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
How was your dorm experience at UC Riverside?
Can I take TC from B.Sc in college without joining a new college that year?
How many companies in BMSCE or RVCE Bangalore ask for a minimum 10th and 12th percentages during recruitments?
Is it too late to go to college at 19 as a girl?
Is it true that Iranian Bahá’ís are forbidden to attend university in their homeland?
What should my son study in Carnegie Mellon to get a better job?
What is the college timing for a BCA student in Mumbai?
Do you need a postgraduate degree from an overseas university​ in order to do a doctorate abroad?
How can I deal with a faculty member who has been continuously failing me in one subject for the last 3 years just because I didn’t do the favours he asked for?
Can we transfer our internship BDS course from one college to another in India?
Can I change my stream after getting into a college in my first year?
What challenges and problems must students overcome to complete their college studies?
What kind of benefits does the current account offer to its customers?
What is it like to be an Indian undergrad in the UK?
How dark is college?
Which Indian colleges allow transfers?
What are the top things I should do in high school to get into a prestigious college, be successful, and get the most out of my high school experience?
As a CS student, is it compulsory to carry a laptop at college?
Can a person become a lawyer by going to college?
What is your experience at Marymount Manhattan College?
Why shouldn't university/college be for free?
How do I fully and deeply understand the concepts better in university classes?
Is it better to go to college or university?
In the drama club or department, do we get to go to different colleges and even abroad?
What is the best hostel to stay at in Zurich for a college-aged student?
Why do Cambridge and Oxford universities have multiple colleges?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
Is it better to study at a semester abroad program in Sastra?
Is Global Business School Barcelona good?
Would there be any merits (college application-wise) to me teaching a music class to the younger students at my school?
What happens if I fail a semester of my online language class?
How are the boys hostel in Panjab university? Can anyone share photos of the rooms?
What are my chances of getting into the College of William & Mary?
How are the military engineering services colleges?
How many students has BITS Pilani sent for the GSoC programme?
Can I study abroad after my 10th grade in India?
Should I just work on campus or apply for a regular job?
Are there any scholarships for art students in India for studying abroad?
Should I study science in India or abroad for post graduation?
How do I impress my CS professor in the freshman year?
For a US master's student, what's the proper time to start a Ph.D application?
How do I live in a youth hostel?
Which WBJEE college has zero attendance?
Isn't it difficult to travel abroad for studies?
Should I study in a college affiliated to Westcliff University?
How hard is it to find an affordable apartment in NYC for a college student?
What's it like studying in Germany as a foreign student?
Is there any chance that we can do MS from elite colleges after taking a drop of one year after graduation?
What is the best college for active duty Navy personnel to major in accounting?
Is it worth it to pursue relationships in college?
Can I include extracurricular activities and achievements that were done after completing high school on a college application?
Do you study religion in school or in college?
How do I join Chaitanya Junior College, and what's the eligibility?
How hard is it to manage working and going to college full/part-time?
What is the best way to travel around campus?
Should I do CA with BFM? Will it affect my CA studies, as I will have to attend college? Which colleges don't have attendance issues?
What are some ragging experiences of girls at LNMIIT and are seniors friendly there?
Can I change my stream by changing colleges after my first year in India?
Should I pursue my aspiration to study abroad in the UK?
How is SVIMS college for management?
What is the difference between applying for early admission or applying as a freshman for college, and which is better to do?
Which NUS dorm is most recommended for international freshman?
Which is more beneficial, staying in my hometown or moving an hour away for college?
I'm taking a gap year after I finish A-Levels. What can I do in this time to improve my university application?
What time does the earliest class start in a typical U.S. college?
How was your experience as a student on Skooli?
Why is it that the IIT student culture seems to be not focused on studies?
What is the best thing which you can do in a study break?
Is living in a university dorm in the UK a horrible experience?
How is the condition of Mangalore university's hostel?
What percentile is a GPA of 2.56 in college?
How is it like to live in-residence at the University of New Brunswick? Do you recommend any particular residence?
Why do serving IAS, IPS go for higher studies abroad?
How is life as a CSA on a campus?
What can you do to leverage if a college professor calls a disabled student stupid?
How are the hostel rooms of MMMUT?
What are difficulties students face in school or at college?
How is Amrita University Bangalore’s hostel life?
How is life at the University of Hyderabad campus for an integrated MA student?
How does the electoral college work or not work?
What type of hostel room should I choose in KIIT?
How can I go from a 2.3 to a 3.5 GPA (only completed freshman year in college)?
What are some ideas for a presentation on UN terminology?
What are signs that guys (high school/college) are intimidated by you?
Do I absolutely have to take more than 3 years of Spanish?
Is college a must? Do I really need to go to college to be successful?
How do you get time to understand what is being taught in college?
How is Bennett University’s campus?
How is architecture at TKM College of Engineering?
How is the attendance scene in Sophia College Mumbai?
How can an Indian college student make money for an additional certificate course when his parents refuse to pay?
Which college in Delhi has the most foreign students?
How did your classmates react when you got the highest grade?
Have college professors inspired students to go ahead and make great scientific successes?
Is it better to do study abroad or India is fine in case of graduation?
What can I do about my stuttering situation as an RA?
How I can change my college after first year engineering in SPPU?
What do future mathematicians do differently at university?
How can I make myself a good candidate for an Ivy League school as a CC transfer?
What is the purpose of visualizing? That brand new car has never come into reality.
How is the RCC Institute of information technology? Can I get a good, budget hostel with a mess hall near the college?
Which are the scholarships available to Indian students for studying law abroad?
Were college students better off before social media?
I'm considering dropping out of college. What should I do?
Does Jai Hind College Bombay have an attendance issue for B.Com students?
Do you think that Boy Scouts of America (BSA) teaches outdated principles?
Where is the Jain’s girls hostel in Mumbai?
Is Sha Shib College good?
What is better, paying a hefty sum to study in a new private medical college or paying ordinarily to study in a top notch general line college?
Does GLC Mumbai have a good college life?
Is there any chance of directly getting into a university or a college abroad without the help of an education consultancy?
What are the hostels and campus of KGMU like? Are there any AC rooms?
If your college professor falls in water, based on what you learn in your major, would you be able to save your teacher?
What was the worst part of your college life?
If you could go to any college in the United States, which one would you attend?
Do community college courses give you the same GPA boost as AP courses for the UC weighted high school GPA?
What should a wannabe logician take in university undergraduate?
Which college should I choose for IIT?
How common is it for Americans to work while they are studying in college?
How is the P.G. girl’s hostel in JJMMC, Devangere?
What could cause an INTJ to do badly in college?
What do you do after university (as a law student) or high school?
How does one avoid socializing in college?
What is Kumaun University like?
What are some things that I can learn best/only in college?
How are Italian students perceived abroad?
What is the written test all about in Christ College for PUC?
How do I handle an LDR breakup when studying abroad? Help me and counsel me.
What was your journey from being an ordinary person to a brilliant programmer in college life?
What are the problems students face in school or college regarding the completion of their academic syllabus (in terms of quality and generally)?
What does the MIT fraternity tEp lose out on from not being on the Red Line?
How did you become stronger in mathematics?
Can an IES officer go for higher studies abroad?
Can I change my college after my first year of B.Tech?
What's your best study method at college/university?
Is it worthwhile to go abroad and study and then practise in Mumbai?
Can I take up a job abroad and then study there again?
Which is cheaper, living in a dorm and paying less for college or living at home but pay for an expensive college?
Is it too late to start college at 24?
Is it advisable to take a gap year after Alevels if a student doesn't meet the requirements and may study the subject in the gap year?
How is BMSCE Bangalore in terms of placements, studies, atmosphere, personality development, and everything about the college?
If I score badly in my first year in DU (say college A), can I withdraw from A to repeat the year in another DU college B?
What if I went to college but withdrew with a low GPA, but now I want to go back?
Has anyone been shortlisted for DIAT 2017? What are your views about choosing this college?
Should I do polytechnic or graduation from a government college after dropping one year after 12th?
Who is responsible for making the course syllabus and credits at various colleges?
Is St Mary's college in Hyderabad co-ed?
What is the most effective, cheapest way to advertise to college students?
Where does the fee collected by colleges for re-examination go?
Is it possible for first year SRM students to stay outside the hostel? How will I find roommates, and would it be cheaper than the hostel?
What are some of your best frat party stories?
What are the benefits for a college to stay linked with a university?
What's the best computer for a college student (English major)?
What would happen if I missed my first semester Calicut University exam?
How would you explain co-induction to your average college student?
How do underage Americans manage to get alcohol for their college parties, and not get caught?
Can I study in the next semester, in case I fail with an F grade in the previous semester, in an Indian engineering college?
Is Berkeley better than Middlebury for an economics undergraduate, or should I take a gap year and try for an Ivy League, which rejected me this year?
Can the top colleges in Bangalore like RV, BMS, PES, and MSRIT help a student to develop his skills, or should a student follow their (college's) schedule?
Why is GITAM starting college so early, on 14th June? When will the first holiday season be?
How difficult is pharmacy college? Has anyone dropped out because of its difficultly?
Are gap years after high school or after the university popular in France and Brazil?
Can I share a bank account with my mother? I am going to study abroad this year and my mom is coming with me.
What are your craziest campus stories?
What are some easy cooking recipes that you used in college?
How do I make the most out of my final year in University​?
What are some college life pro tips?
What will be the effect of GST on the life of a common Indian Student?
Is an internship necessary for studying a master’s in history abroad?
Should community college professors teach to the majority or minority?
How good is mechanical at Saveetha College Thandalam?
What is the prerequsite knowledge that a student must have before joining the Shailesh J Mehta School of Management?
What are the best laundry hacks for university?
What is it like studying as a international student at the university of Grenoble?
What is it like to be an Ivy League graduate student?
How can I get admission in JECRC College in the 2nd year from Purnima College of Engineering?
Can I study law at Harvard University without mathematics?
I’m a 26-year-old college student. Do I have to work and go to school or just focus on my college education?
Is it compulsory to take mess facility with hostel in NIT Jamshedpur for locals?
Why do different colleges have different credit systems? Does it matter?
Where do Ivy League graduates end up living?
What are the things that I should carry for my first day at Christ University?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
How was SRK in Stephen's College? Why did he change his college?
Which are better - college days or school days, and why?
A hostel warden is backing the seniors in ragging. How do we counter this?
How would the road taken by a Chemistry UG from a more or less renowned university in India look so that he can end up studying abroad?
What is the best advice you could give, in hindsight, to a college student to maximize the financial possibilities that you wish you would have done?
Is it possible to graduate from undergraduate college debt-free?
Is a TC (transfer certificate) from college important for applying for a job abroad?
If your overall GPA is a B+ but your final is an A, would top colleges be okay with it?
Will I have to do my first year again if I change my branch by taking the JEE again in my first year for the same college?
What is the worst phone experience you've had at the Manipal college of Dental Sciences?
How good is Sona College, Salem?
For a college student, what are some tips for success?
What is it like to study at Innopolis University as a foreign student?
What is your review of International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar (IIIT Bh)?
Is college way too expensive today?
After ragging, should we not terminate the assignment submission rituals at the Indian Engineering colleges?
Do you need a phone number to go to college?
Is post graduate PG enough for teaching in college?
Does Christ college gives lot of assignments after college for MBA students? Do they give them everyday? How much time does it take to complete them?
How do I get over tough times and the burden of the two most important and difficult courses in college?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
What should I do in the summer vacations of my 1st year in college?
What was your college major? Did you enjoy it?
Do college applicants for prestigious universities stay the same each year?
Is there ragging at BBDNITM?
Why is an Ivy League degree so valuable?
Is there a hostel facility available at Semi-Conductor Laboratory for those students who get a chance to pursue their projects there?
How is Pana PU college, Mangalore?
How is Mahesh PU College in Nagarbhavi?
Which college is the best dual degree colleges in the world?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
A+ average students what does a weeks schedule generally look like for you?
What advice would a Princeton graduate give to an incoming freshman at Princeton?
What would you choose between an Ivy League college or some not-so-bad private college in India, considering the cost and everything?
What do I need to do to please college recruiters?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
Are there any other scholarships like the Charpak Scholarship for Indian undergraduate students?
Will my college rescind my admission?
Is it good studing MBBS in abroad?
I just moved from a top-ranking high school, to an average one. How can I prove to colleges that I am not slacking off?
How do people decide which college to attend?
Where can I find multiple college scholarships online?
What are some do's and dont's when making a college application?
What are the qualities of best hostel warden for school?
How is the life of student studying in IITs?
What advantages a 4th or 3rd year student get over winning a college election?
Should I transfer to another university in another city if my current university doesn't meet my expectations?
How is KIIT in terms of college life and extracurricular activities?
What is the best way to help my son in pre-med university?
Is Emerson College or the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism better to attend?
What are some pretty strong disadvantages to studying abroad in general?
Where are some pics of the IGRUA hostel rooms and campus available?
How does it feel to live in Delhi as a DU north campus college student?
Is it possible to take a road trip for a gap year?
How long do you have to study daily on average as a mathematics student at an Ivy League university?
Is there a difference between college life in Delhi and Jaipur? What is the difference between college students in Delhi and Jaipur?
What is the scope in BBA after college? In this field, dies college matter in placement? Is it good to get a high placement abroad for post graduation?
Is it better to change a PU college or try to solve the problems within the same college?
What are some examples of useful college degrees?
How do I know whether my university/college is an autonomous university or not?
Where are the safest areas to live near Johns Hopkins for a graduate student?
How was/is your hostel life as a boy?
What are the best answers for "why do want to study in our college"?
Should I go back to college to get my bachelor’s degree after volunteering in the Peace Corps?
Is it wise to attend a model UN after many years out of university?
How good is Jadavpur University for engineering?
Which is better at the undergrad level, media studies from India or abroad?
How should I write a budget in college?
How are the hostel facilities at SSNCE, Chennai?
Can I get scholarship for studying abroad to pursue MBA from Ireland?
Does VIT University send students abroad for small educational trips?
Is Vasvi a good college, and does it have good interviews?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
Is it still worth studying Economics, when the entire world is shifting towards Computer Science and AI?
Can CA and regular college be beneficial?
Are mobiles allowed in Kalasalingam University hostels?
Are there any ongoing contests/competitions in the fields of business/marketing/ finance for college students in NYC?
Does Christ Junior College teach French from the start?
How does a first year university student learn to be responsible with time?
How big is the bias of race in college admissions?
How do I become better at organising my university life?
Why do so many college students want to have pets? Should we support university students to have a pet?
Should I change my course and college?
How can I get into advertising without any type of experience or college?
What is the reputation of KGMC abroad?
What could an undergrad student from a state college do in order to achieve a foreign internship?
How does a guy studying in a college affiliated to VTU get a top notch internship abroad or otherwise?
Should I go to Wash U or Berkeley for pre-med?
How is campus life at Calcutta Medical College?
How long did it take you to pay off student loans? What is your best advice?
What are the non-AC 3-seater rooms like at KIIT’s boys’ hostel?
Which is the better place to study abroad: Malaysia or India?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
Which one should I go to for CSE? I got 57k rank in SRM and 4k rank in LPU. Will I get a good SRM campus for CSE?
Should I go to America for an exchange program?
Where can I earn 15 university credits (15 EC/EU Credits) in marketing/strategy/business administration between now and September, online or in EU?
How was your first year in college/university?
Should I attend UCSB or University of Washington for humanities?
If one has to define the best things about joining AIT, Pune, how will you do that?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
Which country is better for study abroad among France, Germany and Switzerland?
In Patna University, is transferring from one college to another allowed?
What is best place to live off campus RMIT? Please answer in reference to foreign student.
Should I go to AISECT University MP?
Which is the best branch of Natayana College?
What kind of experience is it when studying at Dalian University?
Who is having a funny life after college?
What is the whole agenda of going through an educational atyaachar for the better part of your youth and college years if we have to suffer later, too?
I am terrified of taking a class at the university I attend. Should I take the class at a community college instead?
What are the advantages of studying abroad and doing part-time jobs there rather than studying here?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Is it worth going abroad for a masters degree after graduating in English?
Are colleges like RV, PES, MSRIT, or BMS helpful in developing a student's skills, or must a student follow what is said in the college and schedule?
How can someone who didn't get plays in high school get a college offer?
Is it ok for a college lecturer to talk about their views on abortion in class?
What did Tom Morello study at college?
What is it like to study in a co-ed school?
How was your first day at MUJ?
Is Vaishampayan College in Solapur good?
What college major should I go for?
What is it like to transfer colleges? When is it a good idea to transfer?
Do different universities have different course layouts for the same subject?
Is NIT Delhi good for CS? How is hostel life and sports culture?
What is the difference between doing a B.Tech from colleges like Amity (18 lakhs) and other private colleges (4 to 6 lakhs), in the long run?
Can you brag something about yourself or anything about college, etc.?
What is a good advice for an incoming economics major?
What kind of account should I be putting money into during college? (US Resident/Student)
How is the hostel in RC Patil Institute?
How do you know which undergrad school you belong in?
What is it like to transfer universities after freshman/first year?
Is Columbia University better than Washington University in St. Louis at computer science?
What questions should I ask the college professors?
Which junior college is better for MOC in Visakhapatnam?
How do students of Ramkrishna Mission Colleges prepare for JAM and other exams? Do they attend classroom coaching centres or is their college enough?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
How did you get accepted into the University of British Columbia, Canada, as an international student? Can you tell us the course, your profile and other details?
Are there any types of ragging cases at the JECRC college?
Is a 3.6+ GPA after my freshman year at Harvard a reasonable mark relative to my cohorts?
Why do pre-med admissions have to be so number-based?
How can I find a girl’s PG or hostel near Herald College Kathmandu?
Who are the most intense people at Princeton?
What is the Yale graduate student hunger strike about?
How can a mediocre student go to study in a good college for a Master’s abroad?
Is someone who is on antidepressants for two years really fit for college?
How do I build my passion in accountancy?
Do you think education abroad is necessary?
Should I choose McGill University or the University of Waterloo for my computer science bachelor’s degree?
Is it hard to transfer to Wesleyan as a rising junior?
How do I start a film discussion or game club in college? How do I make it unique, and what should I name it?
What does it feel like to study under the Bridge Program at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College?
Which is the best degree college in Mumbai and the best in Bangalore considering student life and exposure?
What happens in the first month in GITAM? What do they teach the students of the CSE department? How was your first day? What should I expect?
Can a student who’s 17 years of age go abroad for future studies?
What are the college timings at VNR?
What are the additional courses needed to be studied by EEE students while studying in the college?
What's more important, the college experience or the degree?
What do you think university students should do during their summer vacation?
At which college should I study in order to become an astronaut, and how many years of study will it take?
How does the hostel life during college hinder your career?
How do I improve my chances of getting a transfer from a community college to UCLA or UCB as a math major?
Is all knowledge and experience in college obtainable somewhere else?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
Where can I find pictures of the girls’ hostel rooms at Birla Global University Bhubaneswar?
Is the verification of my convocation certificate from Mumbai University compulsory if I want to go abroad?
What is/was your experience like as a graduate student at Jacobs University Bremen?
Why is 'existential' deemed to be an intelligence? And how is it an asset?
Is it advisable to transfer huge fees to university before gaining visa?
How much does it cost to be in a fraternity?
Which degree impresses you the most, in order- Maths, Physics, Theoretical Physics, or Astrophysics?
How is campus life at NIFTEM?
What are the best tech tools for campus life?
What does it mean to be a Kluge Scholar at Columbia University?
Does it matter if I take a premed in my last two years in the university after I transfer from a community college?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
What will be the overall total expenses for an Indian student studying in Canada for UG courses?
How do I make money when I'm only 17 if I'm going to college?
At Stanford, is it better for a "pro fro" who needs quiet at the end of the day to live in a freshman or four-class dorm?
What are the eligibilities needed to join MVSR college through donation?
Why would an FL inmate want to be the house man in a dorm every day?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
Is there anyone who studied at Kappans Institute Trivandrum?
What are the college timings in PSG’s engineering college?
Should I take a gap year if I want to apply to MIT?
How is attendance at D.Y. Patil College?
How many credits for each core class do you need in college (so I can plan out my AP and dual-credit classes accordingly)?
How are the students at Christ College?
What are some tricks and tips to raise children to excel academically so that they never struggle in high school and college?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
Is it okay to be confused about a master’s during the first year of undergrad?
When does a new semester start in a college?
How can I study in a hostel if I am sharing my room with 2 other girls?
How do I decide which major I should take in college?
Does redoing a class to boost your GPA affect chances at an Ivy League?
Is Amsterdam anything like the first 10 minutes of the film Hostel (like before they get tortured)?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
Can you hide a gap year in your undergraduate application?
How is the ragging scenario and the hostel facilities at VIMS?
At what point does standing up for someone become meddling in someone else’s business? What are the conditions that differentiate the two?
Is it possible to complete a 3-2 engineer program (at Columbia University) while studying economics at your home institution?
Which one is a better choice for my situation? Keep working or go to college.
Can a student who just graduated out of college appear for Google Kickstart?
Why are some college students so weak that they need crying rooms after their candidate didn't win?
I have no interest in my college studies. Should I drop my college?
How can I enjoy my college life if I stay with my parents in Noida?
Are graduate admissions more competitive than undergraduate admissions?
Can I know how much I need to pay to buy a seat in RMK Engineering College?
What is the cutoff at MES College?
Is ragging a matter of concern while joining any college?
Should college education be free?
What course do I have to complete to go abroad?
What is the greatest class you ever took in college? (or elsewhere)
What should I do if my hard work is not appreciated by my college professor? I'm a CS student.
What is some website that helps you get recruited by college coaches?
How can a CA go to Harvard University?
I don't know where I want to go to college. How can I make a decision?
In the USA, if a student thinks he has been rejected unfairly by an elite university, can she/he sue in court?
What was your favorite part of college?
For those who went to the same college as their sibling (the ones close in age, like maybe one year), did you stay in the same dorm as your sibling?
Why do people who are making good money in Nepal leave their profession, go abroad and settle over there?
How have the placements for BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE been this year (2016-17)?
Does IITB offer single hostel room for girls?
Do first year students at Christ College get a summer break?
What is the difference between Teri University and other private colleges in India?
Do employers immediately dismiss you for not having a certain degree whether it be high school or college?
How do I pass time during Pakau College lectures?
Is it possible to take 20-30 courses per semester in college and university?
Do undergraduate students’ rooms have air conditioners in the UCMS Boys Hostel?
If I want to go into law school what should I be looking for in a college to complete my gen ed requirements?
What are the things I need to carry to the GITAM hostel?
Why do university professors explain easy question on assignment but give us hard and tricky questions on tests?
Is it okay for me to change my group at CMR Technical Campus after my first year?
Does going to college for more than 4 years hurt your prospects for work/graduate school?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
How do I make a balance between 75% college attendance and learning modern technologies?
Are there any adverse consequences for college professors who routinely fail large portions of their classes or rarely give A's or B's?
How do chemical engineers spend their life in college? Do they need to recall or you can say remember every compound?
What is it like to move to Mangalore for 1st and 2nd PU and study in St. Aloysius PU College?
What things do people often put on college applications that completely torpedo their chances of getting in?
What are some crazy stories from student life at KIIT?
Which accommodation is better for an international postgraduate student in the UK?
Are you interested in majoring in any of the STEM subjects in college?
What do people regret not doing during their CS freshman or sophomore years?
What do you guys think of the extreme PC sweeping across our nation with these college students and so on?
Are there any PhD scholarships that are easy to get abroad?
How is a girl’s life in Lady Hardinge College Hostel?
How did it go for those who thought college wasn't for them and were pressured by their parents to attend?
Which is the best college for doing MMS?
Would you consider going to college to be a doctor a waste of time even if you might actually become successful one day?
If you're an astronomer, what college courses did you have to take?
What should I do if I'm extremely lost in life? I can’t seriously decide on a college major.
How can I find the GPA for studying abroad?
How would you reassure students who will not graduate Phi Beta Kappa, Summa Cum Laude that their futures will be fine (or will it)?
What are the things that a first year student should do in IIT?
Can you give me reviews about St. Xavier's School Burdwan?
Can I attend MIT school of charm even if I don't go there (Boston College)?
Is a first-year BFA student at Julliard eligible for transfer to Yale or Harvard as an undergraduate?
Is CSU, Chico a bad college?
I've had a 2.0 average since freshman year and I'm going to be a junior next year. Is it too late for me to be accepted into a good college?
As a college professor, you ask a student causing a disturbance in the class to go out, but they defy you. How do you deal with such a situation?
Is Praxis a good idea for college graduates?
I'm very interested in maths, but my country does not provide majors for it. Is it good for me if I study abroad? Where can I go?
What were your final freshmen grades for the first semester of college?
Is the PUC degree recognised abroad? I.e., Can one go abroad for further studies if he's doing a PUC (for UG)?
Which is the best PU college in Dakshina Kannada?
How much time did you spend traveling to reach your college/university? Is two hours to reach and two hours to come back too much?
Is there counseling for college drop outs?
What are the best ivy-league institutes in US?
Who are your best friends in college?
What does it feel like to attend class while on cannabis?
What is an aid college?
What would happen if college students assaulted someone who criticized the university?
Should I choose an all-freshman dorm?
Why do college fests have ramp walk on their cultural night?
What are the Telugu minority colleges?
How should I raise $70000 to study at NYU?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
What was your experience when your child started college?
What happened when you went to your first day at school?
If I am suspended at a university will I be able to attend college?
How is life at Jonas Hall of Christ University?
Is it possible for me to change colleges after the 3rd semester?
How does a college/university student look for alternatives to popular perspectives in any particular subject and topic?
Can I take both school and college simultaneously?
What should I do after a B.Tech to study abroad?
What should I do as my charitable contribution that will make me stand out in college admissions?
How is Mahesh PU College in Bangalore?
Will college allow me to join a company in my 7th semester?
How do I make a "spike" in my college application related to psychology?
Is there ragging in the IITs?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
No colleges seem to stand out to me, how do I decide which to attend?
Is it easier to get into Tsinghua as an international student?
What website works the best to put up college projects?
Can I quit my college after 1st year and go to different college starting from 1st year again if I am getting a better one?
With the increasing inconvenience due to university mishaps, improper checking careers of many students are at a downfall. How do we tackle that?
How are the UG girls’ hostel, foods, living conditions, cleanliness etc. for IMA (Social Sc) at University of Hyderabad?
How many job opportunities will be lost if I attend FSU over UF for an undergrad in Information Systems?
How is SLS Hyderabad?
I really want to go to KMC Manipal but my family cannot afford it. Should I take a loan or go to a more affordable medical college?
Does Sathyabama have a good college life?
Should I attend UCSD or UCLA?
Would colleges even read your application if it was sent only 1 month prior to their fall semester?
Which good colleges in Karnataka have a single room hostel facility?
Which college is better, UCD or ISU?
How did you figure out that you were at the wrong school at college?
What is the worst phone experience you've had in Kurukshetra University?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
Which is a more expensive college for a BTech in food tech: TNAU or Sathyabama?
I learned in college that defecation from fear during battle was common. How common was it?
What is life like at IHM Bhubaneswar?
What experience(s) did you go through in school which caused you to experience fear?
What are some international college scholarships available for a class 11 science student from India?
Where are some cheap, safe places with good Internet access in the United States?
How would you rank these colleges for B.Tech CSE: MIT Manipal, MIT Jaipur, VIT Vellore, RV Engineering Bengaluru, LNMIIT Jaipur, DAIICT, and Shiv Nader University?
If one wants to try doing business (but have a back-up profession), is engineering with management (at a top British university) worth it or unnecessary?
What does the typical annual university budget look like?
How are the hostel facilities in SRM Easwari College?
How is it to study at Amsterdam University College?
Is it difficult to get 90% in the first year of engineering college?
Do you know anyone who got 45 in IB? What do you know about them?
What are the types of law?
Are you still connected with your college friends?
I'm starting college this year and I'll be majoring in Chinese and English. How can I get ready for those two majors over the summer?
Is there any government college where I can study without any fees?
What should I study at university if I want to build Baymax?
What is student life like at the University of Washington?
How is the NVM engineering college?
Why do people pay for college?
Is it possible to transfer to a top school (Ivy League, Stanford, etc.) from another one or a slightly lower tier one, like UChicago or Duke?
What do you think the most important thing required for college applications is?
Is it possible that a university will not reply to applicants?
For getting into decent colleges, how important is it to take 4 years of high school math?
How do undergraduates at IGNOU manage to maintain a social life?
Students from what countries are most likely to go abroad for their undergrad degrees?
How hard is GA Tech?
Which is better, JNTUH or other private universities?
What are some crazy stories about student life at the IIIT?
What is the fraternity and sorority life like?
How is the hostel at Bennett University?
What are the key strategies to pursue startup dreams/side projects as a college student? What advice can you give to a college student?
If a student of UIUC completes minimum credits and passes out a semester early, will he still need to pay the fee for last/final semester?
Why do you want a career as a study abroad advisor?
What is Welbeck Defense Sixth Form College like?
What is it like to be a rich college student?
What college course should I take?
What are some opinions of Launceston Matriculation College?
Are the hostels and college in KIIT in the same campus?
Does the reputation of your college motivate you to study?
Is it better to study abroad after completing intermediate?
What are some non-STEM related summer opportunities for high school students?
What would the pros and cons be of attending NYU Abu Dhabi vs. other top universities like Harvard, MIT, or Oxford?
Is there any dress code at UCMS for students?
Can I do my CPT with regular going to college?
What is your experience of studying in Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Kodambakkam?
Which is better, SCET or Bhagwan Mahavir College?
Should I give up on the pre-med path?
Are there cultural fests at IISc?
Does going to a top-notch junior college in Mumbai really matter in the long run?
Can I get a girlfriend in my second year of college?
Does a day scholar miss out on fests and clubs?
Can a CA go abroad for a job after a competition?
Who is (or was) your weirdest teacher?
Is college in the US expensive enough that it is fraud not to guarantee students a passing grade and degree?
What are the government engineering colleges like in Maharashtra, in terms of college life as well as placements?
Can we change colleges in our second year of engineering?
What bike should I go for as a college student and a teenager?
What language should I learn my last two years of college?
Is it possible to have a social life and live off campus in college?
What should I expect in college?
What does a college want to see, three years of high school student government treasurer, or treasurer for two years and president for senior year?
How should college students prepare for jobs?
How is St. Mira’s College for Girls, Pune?
What might you have missed the most if you had joined another college?
How tough is it to migrate from one college to other in DU after completion of first year?
Is being a staff member of the supreme student council at our university, helpful for my college application? We organize university-wide activities and other things.
What about an MBBS abroad? Is it good?
As a student, where'd you prefer to live: a university campus, by yourself, or in shared rooms?
What is the best way to study for introduction in College Math?
I'm a rising UVA freshman in SEAS for BSCS and also want to do Pre - Med. How should I go about completing the Pre-Med courses in a CS degree program?
I am going to participate in an early college program next year. My GPA is 3.6 but I still don't think I'm good enough. How hard are college classes?
What are some tips for my freshman year of High School?
Is there a way I can get back into college?
What are the living and colleges expenses for an undergraduate studying in Europe?
What are the most mind-numbing and mind-twisting instruction experiences you have experienced in your college education?
What is it like to study mechanical engineering in Europe?
How can I make money to pay for my study at university?
I'm thinking of going to college in either Canada or the UK. What is your advice?
Is SRM a project oriented college or theory oriented college?
Which residence hall is the best for McGill freshman?
What are some famous colleges in England?
Is it right to take CS at UIT college?
Should I practice my art before going to college?
Should I transfer from Western to U of T to study math?
What can be the disadvantage of leaving a hostel and shifting to a flat with college friends?
What was your college admission essay after taking a gap year?
Can you go into college at age 16?
How can we experience college life at its best?
Can a +2 commerce student go abroad for doing BA?
Is Davidson College a party school?
What's the new student orientation like at Binus University?
Do I have to go to a college before I go to the University in Canada?
Which dorm halls should I choose for Imperial College?
Do college admissions judge you if you take a free period senior year?
What do Ethiopians say about Goldsmith University?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
For those who have stayed up working for deadlines in college and are now working, do you think it was worth it?
How can I stop feeling so confused?
Can a first year college student participate in the IOI?
Are there people who think their hostel is better than their home?
Should I drop out of college to become a pro boxer?
What advice is best for a young (21) foreign professional who really wants to attend university, but doesn't have enough money to do so?
Is making the dean's list in college a big deal?
What should I do if university spoiled my life?
What is the most clever life hack you've learned in your student life?
How can we study abroad without much money?
So, I've got mostly C's and a couple B's on my sophomore year, and I don't plan on going directly into a 4 year college, will I be OK in the future?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
It takes forever for YouTube to load in our college at Delhi University. Which network provides the fastest data speed in our college?
Can I go to an Ivy League school with all Cs, 5 suspensions, and 15 detentions in college and high school?
What about Nagarjuna College of Engineering?
Is it possible to live on-campus while studying all or most courses virtually?
Which are some decent engineering colleges in India that give admission through the management quota? (Read description.)
Which college has the biggest campus in India?
How is ragging at SRM?
What is the best subject to study at a university to help me find a job abroad (USA or Western Europe) and immigrate?
Is it fine to go to a college at an age of 23?
How should I prepare myself for the ThoughtWorks college placements? Explain in detail.
What are some useful tips for students starting their first semester at UNLV?
Does applying earlier to college (in the US) help?
Can I change college in the second year with 2 ATKT?
How is Jain University in terms of dress code and hostel life?
Is a 3.0 GPA in college bad?
Do Punjabi's think that if you fail to go abroad, then you are unsuccessful?
What are disadvantages for gap year students in DU?
How are the hostel rooms, food and faculty at AIIMS as compared to engineering IITs?
What are the college facilities for RMSIT?
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
Is there a way F-1 students can take a 4 credit online class & have the credits transferred over during a summer semester if it's the graduating sem.?
How was your first day at Math IIT, Trivandrum?
Is the College Board good or bad for education?
Where is the best country to Brazilians study abroad in Europe?
What are the truths that you discover after graduating from college?
How is Bennett University?
Is the university or college important to become rich or successful?
Are polytechnic college professors transferred?
What should my son start to study at Carnegie Mellon to have a better job?
What are the criterias of studying abroad, post graduation?
IFMR is said to be very reliable in academic terms, but do they have a sports facility in the college?
What do university fraternities do in clubs?
Does Lady Shri Ram College have prospects for sports?
Why is the cutoff at Fergusson College so low for B.Sc compared to DU colleges?
Why don't Indian universities or colleges teach the students about the practical approach of the problem?
If all colleges and schools have the same syllabus, why do some schools have good names, and why do others have bad names? On what basis do you decide what is a good school or college?
What is the best college for a quality audit course?
According to Atul Roy, what are the mistakes that a 1st year college student should avoid while preparing for CSE?
Where are you going to college?
What is the study of music like at Middlesex University?
What is the best network in St. Stephens's College?
Can anyone study at college and also earn a living for oneself in India without their parents' support?
How is hostel life at Sastra in terms of freedom and infrastructure? Do you have photos?
Is Michigan a good state to live in and go to college?
What are your views of Prime Academy, Pune?
Can I get a respectful internship at NASA as a college student?
How was your college life as a computer engineering student in India?
How was your experience at the University of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school?
Is there any way to change your college for any other institution running under the UPTU for a BTech in CSE for a 4th semester passed student?
What are some drawbacks of going to Carnegie Mellon University?
What have English majors at UCSB done after graduating?
What should I do if I am suspicious of my professors crossing ethical boundaries and somehow gaining access to my personal online messages?
If I pay my college fees, shouldn't it be my choice to attend classes or not? Why is there a minimum attendance requirement?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
How many colleges are counted under JCECEB?
What happens if you report bullies in college? What does the school do to take action?
Can I go to the USA/Canada even if I am from a local college in Tamil Nadu?
What was the most useless course been taught to you at college?
Does any of you feel that a hostel is a better place than your home?
Why should student move out of college dorms every summer?
What's the best masters degree to do after u have completed BCom+acca?
How is De Montfort University for an M.Sc in mechanical engineering?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
What's the goal after graduating from college/university?
How can I get to study at top universities abroad while doing my engineering in India?
One of my friends here at college decided to room together months ago but now were not as close. Do you think rooming is still a good idea?
How bad will my wacky math grades look in college applications?
What is the worst college campus for SJW's? Where do they have the most power?
How is life at the KIIT campus?
Why doesn't place (college) matter when studying CS?
Should I drop a year of college to find what I want in life?
What should one do if they feel really stupid and dream to be a physicist and scientist?
How do teachers deal with class clowns?
What tips can you give for living alone at an off-campus dorm for college?
Can I study abroad with a full scholarship and accommodation because my financial condition is not good?
As I was suffering from depression, I had to drop out from college. I passed high school in 2012. Can I join any college as a freshman for physics?
What constructive things can we learn in the holidays between the school and college which will be helpful in the long run?
What are the easiest subjects to take in the first year of college?
Do you learn less from your fellow students if you attend a less prestigious (academically rigorous) college? Are the students less interested in learning?
How is Seth GS Medical College in Mumbai? How would you rate the faculty, hostel facilities, and campus life?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
Do college professors ever take a special interest in a student? Do they ever just want to sit down & have regular conversations with them?
How do I get a civil engineering job for the time being, while preparing to go for higher studies abroad?
Is student life all about your marks?
What are the college timings at Vidya Mandir PU college?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
Is it better to study MBBS abroad or in one's own country?
What do colleges like NYU, Cornell and Northwestern look for in transfer students? Is it easier to get in as a freshman or as a transfer?
How much did professors study when they were undergrads?
Where did you go for foreign exchange, and why would you recommend that I go there?
Do you have any tips on how you can manage college debt once you graduate?
Do any other countries that have free college offer it to US students?
Where will five-star La Lumiere (Ind.) wing Brian Bowen go to college next?
Where can I find people to do my university assignments?
How do college students in the Boston area generally think about students from NEU?
Will colleges like Velammal allow students to learn out of the box?
Why should I move to Canada to attend university?
Are pre-college programs related to pre-med subjects useless or will they really help a lot in the future?
Has someone paid the fees to Digital Profit Course? Can someone share his/her user experience after joining this course? As most of the people claiming it to be fake have not paid any amount to join.
Can you use a college algebra credit for a non-technical major at most 4-year universities?
What are some of the perks of getting into a college?
How is admission in Samras Hostel?
What are the pros and cons of staying on campus in college?
Who's your favorite freshman?
In which country can I get a master's in bel canto abroad after graduating from a conservatory of music in China? Which is the most expensive? Which is the cheapest?
What should a student with backlogs in college and a high profile do if he/she doesn't get a job? Should he/she apply for the next university?
Do colleges care about community service?
What colleges accept ACE credit?
What competitive exams can an Indian write to get into a college abroad?
Are the University of Washington students happy?
For management studies which is better, IIM or abroad?
What is it like for a college student to suddenly realize he is a tech billionaire? How does their behavior change?
What are some colleges in Milan with credits that are transferable to a U.S. college?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad (MBA or master degree) in Europe for people outside of Europe?
Do you agree that university/college should be free for families that can’t afford to pay for their kids’ education?
What do Ivy League schools look for in future students?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
How can a college student make a considerable amount of money with platforms like YouTube?
How can I be cool in college?
What is it like to study humanities/social sciences at the University of British Columbia (UBC)?
Is failing and repeating the first year of college something to be ashamed of?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
How's R.C. Patil, and how come I get the picture of the campus and hostel of cosmetic technology?
Is it possible to migrate from one medical college to another college abroad by MCI rules and regulation?
Is it possible to go abroad for masters in CS from SRM?
Should I take a gap year to pursue my interests?
Is ragging still prevalent in government medical colleges?
Should I choose a local college over a prestigious college because my parents believe that I won't be able to survive hostel life?
What is the youngest age that someone can go to college?
How do you make the most of college/university?
What advice would you give to incoming freshmen at Howard University?
Can I double major after community college?
Why are so many Indian students going abroad for their higher education?
What is a student exchange?
What kind of reputation does NY’s Dominican College have?
Is it a bad sign if I'm already dreading attending college at UC Berkeley?
Do you think it is okay to take out about 20k in student loans for one academic year for UF?
What was your worst phone experience in Andhra University?
Which college should I join: BBD or Ramswaroop?
Is it possible for a college student to study abroad fully depending on herself?
What should I do to complain about junior colleges in AP that are not giving holidays and are forcing students to attend the college?
Should a middle class boy go to study abroad?
Would working in an NGO look good on my college applications?
I'm unhappy at a women's college. Should I stick it out?
What is the hostel allotment process at CUSAT for other state candidates in their 1st year?
Would it be good to pursue my medical studies abroad?
Should I take up CS in a college that has almost 700 freshers in CS?
Can a medium family aspirant get into studying abroad for an undergraduate degree?
Are you happy with your college?
Who has been the worst student in all the college courses you've ever taken?
What is the IIT's reputation like abroad?
How do I transfer into Princeton University?
How should I use my gap year after high school wisely?
What class should I choose in Careers360 in the college predictor as there are many classes?
Which is better, Purnima College of Engineering or Mody University?
How do you enjoy your college time daily apart from studies?
How is the college life in IP colleges?
Can I do track in college if I didn’t do it in high school? If I can, how can I prepare for it?
If I don't get into a government college (which is highly likely), what do I do?
What is the cutoff for Easwari College?
What would happen if I were to go to college in the Philippines and get my degree there?
What were your ECs to get into Columbia undergrad?
Should you break up with a girlfriend/boyfriend solely because of beginning college?
How exactly does a child get accepted into college while young? Isn’t there a certain amount of credits that need to be attained to graduate?
What are the latest fads on college campuses?
Do designing colleges blacklist people who take a year gap after class 12? Does it cause problems if you are trying to get into a job after college?
Can you graduate with a masters without being a senior? If I skip general chemistry and take higher classes, can I graduate with a masters without 4 years in college?
How is your experience of studying abroad in London?
Why is the first day at ALLEN Kota held on a Sunday?
What are the placement conditions in Sinhgad College?
Should a person who does not like parties (too much alcohol etc.) participate in an Erasmus exchange program? Will it cause any problems?
Everybody in my class is just so cringe-worthy. How can you have fun by yourself in a class?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
Should I stay in college even though I failed 2 classes my first (this) semester?
How is life at DMCH?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
Can I take college and school simultaneously?
Is New Horizon College fun?
How can I possibly hope to succeed in college given that my personality is very unorganized?
What is the best intermediate college for MPC boys with hostel facility in Hyderabad?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
Is taking a fifth year after high school truly a waste of time?
How is the hostel’s mess food menu at NSIT Delhi?
What are suitable laptops for college students, especially for business majors?
Is George Brown College a good choice for foreign students?
Which IIT campus has the best hostel facilities?
Is it okay to lie in a college application that I am a first generation student? I feel being a first generation can be an advantage for top colleges.
Is it possible to transfer credits from an MSCS at SDSU to an MSSE at SJSU after the first semester?
If a stellar student is accepted at an Ivy League school but parents will not contribute their portion, will the school give more aid to the student?
Do students from top universities often understand the taught courses faster than those in average universities?
Why were The Deane Twins, Brittany Deane and Briana Deane fired from Sweetbriar College?
Should I go to college just because I want people to be proud of me or look at me in a certain way even though I really don't have a desire to go?
I don't have anyone to look up to. I am supporting a younger brother through college while desperately pulling myself through. What should I do?
How's the study, study atmosphere, practicals, faculties & hostels in VelTech Dr. RR & Dr. SR University? Is the placement of the 3+1 year abroad programme students good for mechanical engineering?
What is the process for an undergraduate Indian student to do a master's in physics from Cambridge?
What is NIMS college like for a BBA?
What should a young person do if they're worried they have nothing to offer the world?
Should I take a drop for study abroad in the world’s top university for engineering (undergrad)?
Would it be better to finish college before joining the US Air Force, or join a little over half way through college and finish my degree afterwards?
What are my options for higher studies in abroad after completing my MBA from India?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
How does it feel to study abroad alone?
What are the options after doing a BCA in India? I want to do a postgraduate abroad.
Is Bangalore Institute of Technology a good college in terms of placement, opportunities, and campus? What are some examples of jobs offered, packages, and campus details?
I'm taking an online course at a community college. How do I stay motivated when I see nothing's going to come of taking the classes?
Where do financially successful people go to have fun?
What do you do when you don't reach the college of your dreams, which you worked hard for, and your college now meets none of your expectations?
What was the transition like from college to launching your own company?
Is science coaching good at MES PU College?
What is the best thing that you experience in your university life?
What’s it like to study computer science at USICT Delhi? What are some hostel rules?
How do I manage studies in hostel life?
What should I do with my pets when I leave for college?
What is the life of an American student?
What was life like as an international student in the late 1900s in the USA?
How was Tejasvita’s college experience? I'm going to join a law school this year, what advice would she like to give to me?
Should you go to college to learn a skill that you don't care about because you don't think what interests you will get you a good job?
What stops American students from committing suicide for not making it into an Ivy League/top college, unlike in India, where it's everyday news?
How do I join a law college after completing the 12th standard?
What is the best PU College in Bangalore?
Which is the best college in Erode?
When can we start college transfer application?
How was it to leave home, go to college and live alone?
How should an engineering student spend his/her semester break?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
How do I have a meaningful college life?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
What should I do this summer to improve my college application/fight boredom?
For those of you who have attended an online college or university, what influenced your decision to enroll online instead of on-campus?
What if a student in college gets a backlog and want to get in top Ivy League colleges? Will he/she be get recruited and given the scholarship?
What is the difference between JECRC university and college?
Is there any Quoran who did his BTech in biotechnology at an average college and then pursued higher studies abroad and got a job?
What is the fees for puc in royalconcorde PU college Bengaluru?
Does TISS provide any scholarship for PhD abroad for further studies?
Do PG students get a single room in PEC?
What are some ways to deal with young and petulant college girls as a male professor in a women's college?
What can I not miss in my first year at Michigan?
Is a college responsible to inform students about exams?
How likely will a UC Davis exchange student get to live on campus accommodation?
What mobile should I take to college?
When will the ATKT exams be held this year at CHM College?
Is it a mistake not to go to a university?
What is special about the institutions of technology and the other colleges?
What are the pros and cons of being an Asian student in an American Ivy League University?
Which is the top culinary college?
How can you study abroad for free while attending a UC?
Is it okay to take a gap year after completing an MSc course, and apply for a PhD next year (abroad/India), or is this a bad idea to even consider?
What should I do if my college refuses to give me an NOC certificate for a transfer? My college is affiliated with GTU.
What skills should a college student have to make himself different from others?
I have been admitted to a University but haven't started yet. Should or shouldn't I use my university's name on a paper as my affiliation?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a HTML5 AngularJS website template for a startup e-commerce app?
What’s life like after college for a psychology major?
What is the list of things we need when I am joining a hostel?
Is SVCE a good place to study and enjoy college life?
How is NITHM as a college?
Which exams are accepted in University of Stuttgart for an MS?
What is scarier- phone not reachable when you're in an isolated place or 48 missed calls from mom?
What advice would you give to a pre-med incoming freshmen at UCLA?
I really can't decide on a college major. What do I do?
Why do you think that MIT has far fewer followers than Harvard and Stanford on Quora but is the subject of more questions?
What are some of the facts you want to tell about your college anonymously?
Can an electrical undergrad work on CNN?
What's the best breakfast for an Indian student who have to catch a train at 6am everyday to college?
What are some things I should know as an American student going to university in Sweden this fall?
What is the experience of students studying for a BSc in St. Ann's College, Hyderabad?
What is your review of Reliance Education's VFX, animation and other small courses?
Do colleges allow internship in the first year of college (undergrad)?
I am 19. I got detained from college due to short attendance. I know I am not made for college. What should I do now?
When does one become famous in your college life?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What are the differences between college life and corporate life?
How can I feel less lonely in college?
Gordon Miller, what do you suggest college students take advantage of while in school?
Which Ivy League has the best diplomacy or international relations program? Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Penn (Huntsman) or Columbia?
How much money should one take abroad for study purposes?
Is going to college immediately after high school the only option?
Who selects the students who gets accepted to Princeton?
How we have to attend this college?
How do I change my college after the 1st year of engineering in VBIT?
Which is the best study abroad consultancy in Bangalore?
Can I go outside of a Brilliant Pala hostel to a nearby town on a holiday?
Nearly all of my sisters have gone abroad, but I may not go abroad because of my major. My family often compares me to them. I am lost. What can I do?
How was Balaji Vishwanathan's college life?
Is it possible to skip freshman year at MIT?
What is student life like at UCSB?
What would be the best way to prepare myself for elite grad schools?
How can an Indian undergraduate from a regional college get into one of the Ivy League universities?
Do you have any tips for a future freshman?
How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?
Are stress levels manageable at Amrita University? Also, can you advise me on Bangalore hostel life?
What is it like to study Physics at the University of Cambridge as a female? Have you ever faced sexism?
Should someone who has not achieved anything in college go to his farewell?
Can students who are already in college apply for AISEE?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
Is it easier to transfer to a top school after freshman year (VS High School)?
How can a GMAT student apply for scholarships to study abroad?
What advice would UCLA alumni give to an incoming freshman?
How do I figure out what I want to go to college for?
How do you feel in school?
How is the hostel life of Gateway College?
Do gap year students have to face any disadvantage while seeking admission to DIPSAR?
How much does it cost to do an MS abroad?
Is there any scope for MBBS in abroad after high school?after 12th?
Is it really difficult for Chinese junior college students to have a good future?
How much are the fees to study abroad, say in the UK or the USA?
How is student life in Singapore and can they work besides studying?
As an American student taking a gap year to work in Copenhagen, where is a good place to live cheaply?
INTJ parent of ESTP soon to be college student. Am I a horrible parent?
Should I study harder than others and not have any play time, in order to be at the top of my school?
If I took a fulltime semester of college every summer, in how many years will I graduate?
How is DCRUST?
What could be the options for JEE rank 128000 OBC NCL?
Is it logical for colleges to look for well-rounded students instead of students with the highest academic honors and achievements?
How do you write a college acceptance letter?
Can I get admission into a good college in Pune University for 2nd year if I get SCGPA 8.68 in first year engineering?
Will having less than a 6 CGPA in my BTech course and then few gap years after that affect MBA admissions at top business schools and placements thereafter?
Are JD Birla and Shikshayatan reputed colleges for doing a BBA course in Kolkata?
Which should one choose, PES South Campus CSE or BMSCE ISE?
Do colleges take the circumstances of the student into account?
How is life like at the SRCC girls’ hostel?
What are some ideas for what I can do during my upcoming gap year?
Since the dawn of the information age, has the inequity between the salaries offered amongst Ivy League and normal schools narrowed?
How do I market a product to the average college student?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
What are some experiences with the Tufts bridge-year program?
We must stop going to college. We should start studying online. Am I right?
Is there any 1-semester study abroad program in Sathyabama University?
How is life after UC Berkeley?
Should I join AIESEC? I am going to a college which has very strict attendance rules, and I'm going to stay in a hostel so that makes it tougher.
How is Quantum Global Campus as a college?
What are the things to be taken to the SASTRA hostel?
Can I live with a person of my choice in a college dorm, regardless of their gender?
What colleges/universities allow male/female roommates in UK?
How good do you think is Sharada Vidya Mandir PU College, Mysore?
How is the Computer Science undergraduate program at Duquesne University?
Should I go to college with a 2.3 GPA?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
How hard is it to change branch in NITK?
What is SPJIMR Hostel life like?
What was your worst phone experience in Ganpat University?
Should I do a one-year MBA program at LSU Shreveport during my gap year between undergrad and law school?
What is the typical food budget of the average American university student and what food does that get you?
How does a college or university student analyze how he/she reads depending on the academic subject?
Which is best college for IT engineering?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How is Sadhana PU College in Bangalore?
Is PERI a good college?
What things do you value in a university/college?
Is it possible to change my engineering college, after the first year?
What is the placement scenario for a Chemistry major graduate in Ramnarain Ruia College?
What is the best way to stay connected on campus?
Can you submit community college transcripts for freshman college admission?
Do the students of NYU have free access to the university gym?
Is starting schools and colleges earlier before 10:00 am would affect their academic performance and health?
Which is the best college for hacking?
What is the fastest/most efficient way to fill in the bubbles on a Scantron?
Does Emory University meet 100% of the financial needs of international undergraduate students?
What College Majors would one have to partake through in order to become a lawyer?
How do I say thanks to my professor?
Coralie Moller: How would a college/university student analyze on what he/she reads?
In what ways is the social scene in college different than the social scene in high school?
Would it be more effective on my college application to create a unique fundraising club for my school or to join the student government?
Which dorms at Berkeley have their own bathroom (other than Bowles Hall)?
What is the procedure for changing a college branch in Canada?
What is your view about Fleming College?
Will I get an NTSE scholarship, if I change my college after 1 year of engineering?
Will there be ragging in the BSc?
How do I decide which semester I should go for at RMIT?
What's the best way to write a personal statement when applying at universities or colleges abroad for your higher studies?
Do Indian students studying in America send their boards marksheet to the college by post?
How is SRK University Bhopal & its education quality and college system?
What's an affordable and fun city to live after college?
For well-rounded students who win 1st Place at Intel ISEF, how does college admissions go? Is it easier?
What's an alternative to college?
What are the benefits of studying at the University of Texas at Tyler?
Why did SRK leave Hansraj College and waste his mother's hard-earned money?
Why does every faculty​ suggest that students fully enjoy their college life but without compromising their studies?
How is the BIMTECH girls hostel?
Do you think that it's easier to get straight As in high school or college?
Is there a way an F-1 student in their graduating semester can take a 4 credit class online (summer semester) and have the credits transferred over?
As a college/university professor, have you ever slept with a student in exchange for a better grade? What was the experience like?
How is college life at WVU Tech?
What should I do if I took a month off college and need to explain it now?
Where is a good place to live in Boston to get away from partying college kids and is decently priced?
What do I do after I’ve been rejected by a college classmate?
How does one survive college with autism?
Can we put a cooler in a Thappar University hostel room?
What are the facilities at MIT hostel in AC rooms for freshers?
How is Syndenham College in Mumbai?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
Is a college degree necessary in exponential times?
What is campus life like in IIT Indore?
How is the attendance scene at HR College Mumbai?
Do universities abroad provide scholarships to study for an MBBS? If so, where?
Which is the best college for improving language?
Why is the University of Chicago harder to get into than in the past?
Which college should I attend, Jain University or Presidency University?
Why do colleges establish R&D labs?
How much should a college advisor charge?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
Are there any summer schools/courses that I can attend as a college student?
What good think about college?
What’s it like to invest in student accommodation in the UK?
What critical skills are missing from your applicants that recently graduated from college?
What are the pros and cons of each freshman dorm at Carnegie Mellon (especially morewood e tower and donner)?
Can someone who graduated from a non top tier school (let’s say ~70% acceptance rate) get into an Ivy League graduate program such as one at MIT?
I dropped out of BDS college and join MBBS college, what can I do?
After graduating from high school, I went to college to study English (literature) but unfortunately dropped out before graduating. Now I am seriously thinking of studying psychology abroad. What should I do to achieve my goal/dream?
What are some of the coolest graduate student clubs at Columbia?
Can an Indian get opportunities to study abroad for free? If yes, how?
Do you think that high school courses should be taught at a faster pace?
Why isn't college free in the USA?
I am studying in the 6th semester of VTU college. Do I have the chance to change my college?
Should I take a fall semester off and withdraw from my university entirely in the hopes of getting accepted in my transfer school(s) in the spring?
How can I start doing decent projects along with my college studies to ultimately have a good profile to apply for good internships?
What questions will the interviewer ask me when I take part in the college’s employment opportunities?
Which test should Indians opt for, to study abroad?
My crush might go to the same college as I am, what do I do?
Why doesn't Ashoka University have a crest like Ivy League colleges?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What was it like being an American woman who wanted or did go to college in the early 1960s?
Is it better to do a PhD in India or abroad? Will doing it abroad be difficult?
Which period is more important for an IITian, preparation or college?
Is it useful to study abroad?
How did you start freelancing in college? Share your experience and story.
Should I major in either philosophy or international development? (undergraduate)
What are the pros and cons of Maharani College, Jaipur?
What tips or advice do you have for a college student studying abroad in Valencia, Spain?
What are the best-designed hostel rooms in NIT Trichy? Where do I find pictures of such?
Which university has the biggest area under its campus?
Does college matter in order to get a good career?
Which is better for engineering, studying in one’s hometown or studying in a hostel?
Where should I study abroad, Italy or China (Shanghai)?
Will colleges provide a dorm if I go to med school or grad school if I have no place to stay?
Do college dropouts need a transfer certificate for joining a different course in a different college?
Was your MBA experience academically satisfying?
Will dual enrollment increase my chances of getting into a good college?
How was your high school experience compared to college?
Should I do one year internship at Accenture or transfer to a 4-year University?
I have a 2.3 GPA from my freshman year in college. What should be my next step?
Can I change NITC to any other government engineering college in Kerala directly in my second year?
What will happen if I get into another college after my UCAS application?
How does one get a year back in PU or colleges affiliated to PU?
Is there a refund policy at GITAM University in case a student drops out before the start of the semester?
What do you prefer between Canadian colleges and universities as both are providing same courses? Which is better job wise college or university?
What are the scholarships available for studying abroad from India?
Can we go outside Amrita University on weekends as hostellers?
When should we report to KIIT if our first year classes start on July 19th?
Should I transfer from Western to U of T to study math?
What should I do if I took a month off college and need to explain it now?
How is the hostel life in the boys’ hostel at YMCA Faridabad?
What do you think university students should do during their summer vacation?
Do I have to go to a college before I go to the University in Canada?
How is college life at WVU Tech?
How do I join a law college after completing the 12th standard?
How are IISER TVM Vithura campus’ hostel rooms?
What is some website that helps you get recruited by college coaches?
Is it better studying abroad or in India for graduation?
Can a first year college student participate in the IOI?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
What scholarships are available for a student wanting to study for an UG qualification abroad?
How do I prepare myself to become a network engineer during my college days?
Isn't it difficult to travel abroad for studies?
What are some crazy stories from student life at KIIT?
I am going to participate in an early college program next year. My GPA is 3.6 but I still don't think I'm good enough. How hard are college classes?
What are your craziest campus stories?
What are the things that I should carry for my first day at Christ University?
What is it like to be an Ivy League graduate student?
What advice could you give to an 18 year old going off to college soon?
What happens if you report bullies in college? What does the school do to take action?
Pronoy Bhat has done UG studies from which college?
What is it like studying as a international student at the university of Grenoble?
Is there any chance that we can do MS from elite colleges after taking a drop of one year after graduation?
Why is the first day at ALLEN Kota held on a Sunday?
What do colleges like NYU, Cornell and Northwestern look for in transfer students? Is it easier to get in as a freshman or as a transfer?
Should I change my course and college?
If I am sure about taking a program from the community college, should I do the prerequisites/generals in a 4-year university or do them at college?
How many first year students who are not from Karnataka are opting for the hostel in RVCE?
Is Amsterdam anything like the first 10 minutes of the film Hostel (like before they get tortured)?
How can I an Indian study in a university abroad?
What was your worst phone experience in Andhra University?
What language should I learn my last two years of college?
Should I go to America for an exchange program?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of doing an MBA abroad? (I am Indian.)
What was life like as an international student in the late 1900s in the USA?
How is the attendance scene at HR College Mumbai?
Is internal sliding possible after first year in NIT Puducherry?
Which is the best college for doing MMS?
Do most college diplomas list the graduate's major?
How good is CSSM College?
How is Seth GS Medical College in Mumbai? How would you rate the faculty, hostel facilities, and campus life?
What universities are the best ones for web-designer/developers?
Can I take the courses of foreign language in college just with my IELTS score? I don't want to study abroad for 3 or 4 years.
Should I go to college just because I want people to be proud of me or look at me in a certain way even though I really don't have a desire to go?
For those who went to the same college as their sibling (the ones close in age, like maybe one year), did you stay in the same dorm as your sibling?
Can I get admission in a college for the 2nd year?
Is there really any point of going to college, when there's so much more easily accessible information on the internet?
For a college student, what are some tips for success?
Can I quit my college after 1st year and go to different college starting from 1st year again if I am getting a better one?
What is Humber College like?
How had been your experience of travelling to a foreign country for the first time for college (specifically USA)?
What is the typical day routine of a student at XLRI-J?
What things do people often put on college applications that completely torpedo their chances of getting in?
How is life like in an American university or college?
How is MYRA, Mysore?
How should I explain why I took a gap year after 12th?
Is it possible that a university will not reply to applicants?
How are medical colleges in the Caribbean?
How is SLS Hyderabad?
Which company gives the fastest data in NIT, Durgapur?
Why do you want a career as a study abroad advisor?
Has anyone studied in St Agnes College, Mangalore, or is a student present?
What is the best thing which you can do in a study break?
Is the university or college important to become rich or successful?
I'm considering dropping out of college. What should I do?
What do you think about those students who study MBA from small town colleges?
Do you want to study medical from abroad?
Is it compulsory to take mess facility with hostel in NIT Jamshedpur for locals?
Will a university still accept me, if I failed a community college course?
What kind of benefits does the current account offer to its customers?
What if my father can't handle or dislikes the idea of studying abroad in US after high school?
What is harder between finance and economics?
Which subject should I choose in 11th grade so that I take it forward for my higher studies in a foreign country?
Can I get a respectful internship at NASA as a college student?
I'm starting college this year and I'll be majoring in Chinese and English. How can I get ready for those two majors over the summer?
How do I get a scholarship?
Does every college student feel that he got admission to a bad college?
What is the hostel allotment process at CUSAT for other state candidates in their 1st year?
What is the schedule for students of different semesters in IISERK throughout the week? Are there classes on Saturday too?
How is the first day of Medical College?
Should I still go to college if I'm engaged to a surgeon?
For how many semesters is math taught to IT students?
Has anyone completed 2 or more contradictory degrees in their life?
What are some of the most unforgettable experiences at college?
Since the dawn of the information age, has the inequity between the salaries offered amongst Ivy League and normal schools narrowed?
Is it good studing MBBS in abroad?
Is making the dean's list in college a big deal?
Why were The Deane Twins, Brittany Deane and Briana Deane fired from Sweetbriar College?
What are some do's and dont's when making a college application?
How is the BIMTECH girls hostel?
What should one do in the time gap when school ends and college is yet to start?
It is going to be my first year at KIIT. What luggage should I take with me?
How is the MGIT College in Gandipet?
What is the fastest/most efficient way to fill in the bubbles on a Scantron?
What should I do in the summer vacations of my 1st year in college?
How is Patkar College?
How is the gym at IHM Pusa?
Do college dropouts need a transfer certificate for joining a different course in a different college?
Is NLUO good in terms of placements and college life or should I take SLS Pune?
Is it still worth studying Economics, when the entire world is shifting towards Computer Science and AI?
Has anyone ever transferred from UC Berkeley to UCLA successfully?
Can a student transfer from a psychology degree in the first year to a Biology or similar degree in a Canadian Ontario college?
What should I do this summer to improve my college application/fight boredom?
How do I apply for the Duff Hostel, Kolkata? And how good is it?
What will happen if I get into another college after my UCAS application?
What are the scholarships for MBBS graduates for pursuing their MD abroad?
Is UC Berkeley a good school for a pre-med track?
How is the quality of life for undergrad students at Stanford?
Which is the best college in Erode?
Is it possible to have a social life and live off campus in college?
How is the RCC Institute of information technology? Can I get a good, budget hostel with a mess hall near the college?
Is being on the fit team worth it for college applications?
What inspired you to join the AFMC? Was it your first choice?
What was your college major? Did you enjoy it?
Do your relationships from your college days matter so much in the future?
Is Emerson College or the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism better to attend?
Does your college have a robotics club?
How can a student enjoy his student life?
Why do professors insist on having an exam on an exact day at an exact time?
Does Christ Junior College teach French from the start?
Where can I find some CMI hostel & room pictures?
Is a college degree necessary in exponential times?
How are the hostels at M.S. Ramaiah Medical College? Are there curfews? Does anyone have a picture of their room?
How is life at VIT Chennai?
Where did you go for foreign exchange, and why would you recommend that I go there?
How can you become a millionaire during your college days?
Which residence halls are NYU's oldest residence halls?
Does Ragging happen in AIIMS?
How hard is it to manage working and going to college full/part-time?
Does Lady Shri Ram College have prospects for sports?
Can I take up a job abroad and then study there again?
Are there any scholarships abroad for Indian students of the class X CBSE?
Is GMC, Mumbai overrated?
What do you guys think of the extreme PC sweeping across our nation with these college students and so on?
What are the best-designed hostel rooms in NIT Trichy? Where do I find pictures of such?
What is campus relations incharge?
How do I market a product to the average college student?
Can I take admission in US (UG) as a freshman next year if I will be attending 1st year UG in India this current year?
What are some suggestions for dealing with psoriasis as a college student?
What would you choose between an Ivy League college or some not-so-bad private college in India, considering the cost and everything?
How are the hostel rooms of MMMUT?
What is the worst college campus for SJW's? Where do they have the most power?
Is the university life really more fun than high school?
What should a wannabe logician take in university undergraduate?
Can we have air coolers in the hostel rooms of Amrita’s engineering college?
What is the college criteria for applying to a foreign university?
Is it a bad sign if I'm already dreading attending college at UC Berkeley?
How is hostel life at NUST? Is it better to live in a private hostel?
How good is Sona College, Salem?
What is your review of International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar (IIIT Bh)?
Which residence hall is the best for McGill freshman?
What was your favorite part of college?
Did your college studies helped you in your journey to success?
Can I transfer to a new school for my final semester?
What is it like to be an Indian undergrad in the UK?
How is Bennett University’s campus?
What is the IIT's reputation like abroad?
Where are the safest areas to live near Johns Hopkins for a graduate student?
Should college education be free?
Which IIT campus has the best hostel facilities?
How are the hostels and hostel life in NLUs?
Is there any way to change your college for any other institution running under the UPTU for a BTech in CSE for a 4th semester passed student?
What was it like to study at UF? What were your experiences, professors, classes, people, etc.?
Dropping out of college or Continue?
What are the events to be conducted in college?
Has there ever been a case where an impoverished student was thwarted from attending an Ivy League school because he or she couldn't pay the application fee?
Do you miss college?
What is the best way to stay connected on campus?
What will be the effect of GST on the life of a common Indian Student?
What did Tom Morello study at college?
What is Welbeck Defense Sixth Form College like?
Is 18 credits too much for my 1st semester of college?
How difficult is it to transfer to an Ivy from a CC?
Does ragging happen in Mumbai colleges?
What's the best breakfast for an Indian student who have to catch a train at 6am everyday to college?
What is it like for a college student to suddenly realize he is a tech billionaire? How does their behavior change?
Which college has good placements, KMIT, SNIST or MGIT?
What is the best network in St. Stephens's College?
Should I opt for a single or a shared room in my engineering college hostel?
What was the worst part of your college life?
Is someone who is on antidepressants for two years really fit for college?
Can I join the rangers, and go to college, at the same time?
How is the P.G. girl’s hostel in JJMMC, Devangere?
Everybody in my class is just so cringe-worthy. How can you have fun by yourself in a class?
Is it better to study MBBS abroad or in one's own country?
What was your worst phone experience in Ganpat University?
Does Bakliwal have a hostel?
How is the college NAEMD Mumbai?
Is going to college immediately after high school the only option?
Is a college responsible to inform students about exams?
Does Christ college gives lot of assignments after college for MBA students? Do they give them everyday? How much time does it take to complete them?
How hard will it be for me to get into Barnard College?
Is there a semester-abroad program for students studying biotech at SASTRA University?
Would there be any merits (college application-wise) to me teaching a music class to the younger students at my school?
How good is mechanical at Saveetha College Thandalam?
What are all the possible college majors?
How is being a freshman in college different from being a freshman in highschool?
How do college students pursue girls?
What is the best advice you could give, in hindsight, to a college student to maximize the financial possibilities that you wish you would have done?
Is a hostel stay mandatory for everyone at Ashoka University? I live just 30 minutes away and I don't want to stay in a hostel?
What are the benefits of studying at Strathroy District Collegiate Institute?
Which banks in India provide undergraduate diploma loans for studying abroad?
Is it better to study abroad or in Vietnam?
What are the best tech tools for campus life?
How do I get an international student loan in Malaysia for studying abroad?
Should it be okay for college professors to use a textbook that they wrote (in a conflict of interest sense)?
What are some important things for someone trying to go to college?
What is the best thing about hostels in IISc?
What are the college timings in PSG’s engineering college?
As a college professor, what is the major difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 college freshmen?
How is Indian student life in Italy. Are there vacancies?
How do I get over tough times and the burden of the two most important and difficult courses in college?
Is living in a university dorm in the UK a horrible experience?
How is Seshadripuram Composite PU College in Bangalore?
What is the worst phone experience you've had in Kurukshetra University?
How can I write a leave application for college?
How is life as a CSA on a campus?
If one wants to try doing business (but have a back-up profession), is engineering with management (at a top British university) worth it or unnecessary?
What are the difficulties students face since they don’t have an ask and answer website in their college to clear their doubts about their academics?
How do I deal with people who are telling me I can’t do something.
Where will five-star La Lumiere (Ind.) wing Brian Bowen go to college next?
Is it possible to complete a 3-2 engineer program (at Columbia University) while studying economics at your home institution?
Does GLC Mumbai have a good college life?
What do you wish you knew before entering college?
Where is UCLA, politically?
Is there a hostel facility available at Semi-Conductor Laboratory for those students who get a chance to pursue their projects there?
What is your review of Reliance Education's VFX, animation and other small courses?
Why do Cambridge and Oxford universities have multiple colleges?
I'm unhappy at a women's college. Should I stick it out?
What is a tight end in college football?
Which is the best girls hostel in Kolkata?
What are some good colleges in India and abroad for studying Masters in Digital Media?
Can a student who just graduated out of college appear for Google Kickstart?
What can you do take to make your college life more productive?
How can I start doing decent projects along with my college studies to ultimately have a good profile to apply for good internships?
As an Indian CA, which foreign colleges will be best for an MBA?
What are kids fresh out of college doing?
Do undergraduate students’ rooms have air conditioners in the UCMS Boys Hostel?
Does participating in many clubs have more weight in college applications than, say, two sports?
Is Sophia College for Women good for my daughter for class 11th if she wants to take arts or humanities?
How do I sell my books in College Street, Kolkata?
What are the procedures to transfer from one college to another (autonomous) when they belong to different universities in Tamil Nadu?
Which is the best college for hacking?
We must stop going to college. We should start studying online. Am I right?
How important, would you say, going to college is?
Which scholarships are exam based for studying abroad? Can you name a few?
I learned in college that defecation from fear during battle was common. How common was it?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
Should I study abroad after my B.Com programme from Delhi University (regular)?
Which is better for a first-year student at RVCE - living in the hostel or a PG?
While being an international student in America, did you feel any pressure because your English wasn't very "American"?
How is VIT as a college? How is the lifestyle, study culture and exposure of the people there?
How can one use the Internet in an NSIT hostel during the first year?
Which is a more expensive college for a BTech in food tech: TNAU or Sathyabama?
How common is it for Americans to work while they are studying in college?
If I'm staying in GNITS’ hostel, can I go off campus after college?
Is St Mary's college in Hyderabad co-ed?
What is the youngest age that someone can go to college?
Is it better to take a gap year or get into college and prepare for the 2018 JEE simultaneously? My parents don’t want me to take a gap year.
Is it advisable to transfer huge fees to university before gaining visa?
Why do Arabian universities teach coding on a paper?
Where can I study renewable energy courses abroad? Are there any scholarships available for it?
Why is it so easy to isolate yourself at college?
What are the pros and cons of staying on campus in college?
What is the dorm life like at Manipal University?
How tough is it to migrate from one college to other in DU after completion of first year?
Should I choose a local college over a prestigious college because my parents believe that I won't be able to survive hostel life?
Do PG students get a single room in PEC?
Do the students of NYU have free access to the university gym?
How is your college life?
How can I possibly hope to succeed in college given that my personality is very unorganized?
Is it possible to skip freshman year at MIT?
Which is the better place to study abroad: Malaysia or India?
Can I study law at Harvard University without mathematics?
What are some subtle ways I can know if a girl is interested?
In what ways is the social scene in college different than the social scene in high school?
What constructive things can we learn in the holidays between the school and college which will be helpful in the long run?
Is UCLA better than USC?
What exactly do I have to do to study in the USA? Is it only my SAT examination or is there anything beyond that which should be considered?
What is your advice to a student who is willing to leave university and start studying online?
How is life at DMCH?
If a stellar student is accepted at an Ivy League school but parents will not contribute their portion, will the school give more aid to the student?
Where did Russ Cox go to undergrad?
How do I make money when I'm only 17 if I'm going to college?
Should I transfer to another university in another city if my current university doesn't meet my expectations?
Is every college big?
Which is the best college in Tiruppur?
What is it like to go to a university in Canada, as an American?
Can anybody assist me with an application to study abroad?
What are the differences between college life and corporate life?
Should I pursue my aspiration to study abroad in the UK?
Which is the most “happening” university in Indonesia for intellectually rigorous and confident conversations on weighty issues?
How do I visit colleges far away?
Why would a girl with a 4.6 GPA and a 36 ACT, who plays elite soccer and is never in trouble, be rejected by Ivy League schools?
Where can I find people to do my university assignments?
Can a +2 commerce student go abroad for doing BA?
How is SVIMS college for management?
Will a 22 year old boy joining as a first year student be ragged at AFMC just like the others? What does the ragging include?
How much time did you spend traveling to reach your college/university? Is two hours to reach and two hours to come back too much?
How is Chinmaya Naada Bindu different from other music colleges?
Are there any types of ragging cases at the JECRC college?
Is it okay to politely walk out of a seminar or lecture at a university?
How are the hostel facilities and faculty in MSRUAS?
What's a summer session in a university?
What is the most significant moment in your life that would be completely insignificant to anyone else?
Does Maitreyi College offer a BTech course?
Does anyone think they have done graduation with the wrong major?
What dress would be good to wear for a college group photo in India?
What is the best subject to study at a university to help me find a job abroad (USA or Western Europe) and immigrate?
What are some crazy stories about student life at the IIIT?
What are the scholarships available for studying abroad from India?
Should I join the family business or go abroad for a masters in management?
What is the best phone experience you've had at Shri Ram College of Commerce?
How is life at NICMAR Goa?
Can a student with an Open University degree study abroad?
Where is a good place to live in Boston to get away from partying college kids and is decently priced?
What is the cutoff for Easwari College?
How do I apply in Gujrat colleges?
How are the military engineering services colleges?
What is student life like at UCSB?
When does one become famous in your college life?
What are some useful tips for students starting their first semester at UNLV?
How do people decide which college to attend?
Can I do my CPT with regular going to college?
Which is best for doing Engineering, SVCE or Brindavan College?
How do I improve my chances of getting a transfer from a community college to UCLA or UCB as a math major?
What will you do if your parents refuse to pay your college first semester fees until you tell your weight and bring it down to their target level?
What are the options after doing a BCA in India? I want to do a postgraduate abroad.
What should I do with my creepy neighbor?
What is it like to be a rich college student?
What are the most important lessons of your college life?
What are the pros and cons of Maharani College, Jaipur?
I'm taking a gap year after I finish A-Levels. What can I do in this time to improve my university application?
Why doesn't Ashoka University have a crest like Ivy League colleges?
Is it a mistake not to go to a university?
Which is a better college for a BBA, IBCS of SOA University or KSOM of KIIT University?
Is it worthy to study computer science/computer engineering abroad?
Is it worth trying to get a job in your hometown just 2 months before you move away to college?
What are the pros and cons of each freshman dorm at Carnegie Mellon (especially morewood e tower and donner)?
Which is the top culinary college?
What are the colleges that provide scholarships in AP based on the PGECET?
Are colleges like RV, PES, MSRIT, or BMS helpful in developing a student's skills, or must a student follow what is said in the college and schedule?
Is the verification of my convocation certificate from Mumbai University compulsory if I want to go abroad?
When can we start college transfer application?
Which is the better college, SASTRA or RVC?
Should I choose an all-freshman dorm?
Can I enter into second year without writing first year TEE in IGNOU for MAPC? I have taken admission for the June session but want to write in December.
Are private universities in Georgia better than public universities?
How much will you rate your happiness level for studying in India?
Is it worth going abroad for a masters degree after graduating in English?
How do I get a civil engineering job for the time being, while preparing to go for higher studies abroad?
Which colleges are the best fits for me?
How is the career after doing hotel management from IHM PUSA? How is the student life and facilities provided to the students in the hostel?
Is it okay for me to change my group at CMR Technical Campus after my first year?
What was it like being an American woman who wanted or did go to college in the early 1960s?
How can I avoid offending people by accident who come from different cultural backgrounds?
I've got mechanical at VIT Chennai. How's it to be a mechanical student at VIT? Also, do people from different branches interact?
What is DIT Dehradun like?
Should you break up with a girlfriend/boyfriend solely because of beginning college?
What is student life like at the University of Washington?
Is ragging really necessary for senior-junior interaction? Aren't there any alternatives other than ragging for "interaction"?
What are the expectations in a relationship while in college?
How does one identify out of focus colleges?
What are the things I need to carry to the GITAM hostel?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
What is the best way to travel around campus?
As a regular student, can I complete the second and third years of a degree in one year by giving those exams in the same year, in Hyderabad, Telangana colleges?
Should I practice my art before going to college?
How does one get a year back in PU or colleges affiliated to PU?
What are the feelings about studying abroad in China?
Should I attend UCSB or University of Washington for humanities?
Which accommodation is better for an international postgraduate student in the UK?
Is falling in love good in school or in college life?
Are the University of Washington students happy?
Is Bangalore Institute of Technology a good college in terms of placement, opportunities, and campus? What are some examples of jobs offered, packages, and campus details?
IFMR is said to be very reliable in academic terms, but do they have a sports facility in the college?
Are there separate bathrooms provided at Banasthali University? What are your reviews on the hostel facilities provided there?
Who do you think is/was the most popular guy of your college and how would you explain his popularity?
What should I do if I like my classmate at school, but we are now at different colleges and she is at a far better college than me?
How does going to a college change a person's life?
How many days is college in the UK?
How can a CA go to Harvard University?
Can a college dormitory be a good place to study?
Are you interested in majoring in any of the STEM subjects in college?
How can I go to college in the UK, as an undergrad?
What is the experience of students studying for a BSc in St. Ann's College, Hyderabad?
What could cause an INTJ to do badly in college?
Did you against all odds get into an Ivy League school?
What is it like to study in a co-ed school?
Would working in an NGO look good on my college applications?
Can foreign exchange high school students in the USA go to college/university later?
What is similarity private and state university?
Is it advisable to return to India after completing Bachelors from abroad?
What is a student exchange?
What should I wear for a college function?
What are your reviews/opinions on Humber College?
What are some non-STEM related summer opportunities for high school students?
Has anyone been shortlisted for DIAT 2017? What are your views about choosing this college?
What are the hostels and campus of KGMU like? Are there any AC rooms?
What university do you want to go to?
Is all knowledge and experience in college obtainable somewhere else?
Does ragging take place in NITs, even in 2017?
Can you submit community college transcripts for freshman college admission?
What advice would UCLA alumni give to an incoming freshman?
How is campus life at Calcutta Medical College?
Do you have any tips for a future freshman?
What amount of scholarship can a student expect in PESSAT Bangalore College?
Why do serving IAS, IPS go for higher studies abroad?
Is there any website from where I can get college and higher education guidance?
What is the easiest and economical way to go abroad?
How good is ISBF hostel?
What is scarier- phone not reachable when you're in an isolated place or 48 missed calls from mom?
Does redoing a class to boost your GPA affect chances at an Ivy League?
What is dorm life like at IIM-A?
How is De Montfort University for an M.Sc in mechanical engineering?
How does International Affiliations of colleges help the students?
Which college should one choose for a BBA/BMS - Mount Carmel College or H. R. College of Commerce and Economics?
What is the worst phone experience you've had at the Manipal college of Dental Sciences?
What is one thing you wish you had known before starting college?
Can I study in abroad in the Netherlands after my 10th class from India?
Does applying earlier to college (in the US) help?
Does IISER Mohali give one room for one student during a BSMS course or do students need to share their room with other student as well?
What is the scope in BBA after college? In this field, dies college matter in placement? Is it good to get a high placement abroad for post graduation?
Is there a site where I can read college essays from students? Not admissions but papers they must turn in for class.
What are some opinions of Launceston Matriculation College?
How can I get a scholarship to study an MBA abroad?
Which NUS dorm is most recommended for international freshman?
Can I join an LLB course at another college after completing a BBA?
Where can I find pictures of the girls’ hostel rooms at Birla Global University Bhubaneswar?
Is Make School a college? If not, what is it?
What are some combinations of college majors for the future?
Is KMIT a good college for EIE?
When do Harvard students (including graduating seniors) move out of dorms?
What was your experience when your child started college?
What is the ladies’ hostel like at ITER in Bhubaneswar?
When will KIIT notify me about the commencement of the classes and hostel accommodation?
Is a 3.0 GPA in college bad?
What will be the selection of colleges if I get 38,000 in JEXPO?
Whats the maximum amount of AP credit that can transfer to colleges?
What is the best time table of each day in summer vacation for a college student?
What is the procedure for get hostel facilities within the campus?
Which Indian universities help people study abroad?
Which country is better for study abroad among France, Germany and Switzerland?
If your overall GPA is a B+ but your final is an A, would top colleges be okay with it?
Can I change NITC to any other government engineering college in Kerala directly in my second year?
What is the process for admission to AIIMS colleges?
Does anyone get to know that you are a management quota student in Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering, Pune?
How is the ISM college of Bishkek in Kyrgyzstan for Indian students?
How do I to get my dual enrollment teachers to write me glowing letters of recommendations for Ivies and similar college applications?
Which college is better, UCD or ISU?
Why should I move to Canada to attend university?
What's it like studying in Germany as a foreign student?
I have been admitted to a University but haven't started yet. Should or shouldn't I use my university's name on a paper as my affiliation?
As a Moroccan student studying for a Master’s in Cybersecurity and interested in doing research abroad in Cryptography, of what can you advise me?
Which is cheaper, living in a dorm and paying less for college or living at home but pay for an expensive college?
How do you write a college acceptance letter?
Can I change my final year project name after having submitted it to my college?
Can we use phones in the Pala Brilliant Study Centre and hostel?
Do MAMC hostels have AC for MBBS students?
Do many American students go to Europe for higher education because it is cheaper? What is your experience?
How can I study in a hostel if I am sharing my room with 2 other girls?
When do MIT students move out of dorms?
Which university has the biggest area under its campus?
Should I just work on campus or apply for a regular job?
If you could go to any college in the United States, which one would you attend?
Where do students hangout the most in Kochi?
What is the difference between junior college and higher secondary school?
I have no interest in my college studies. Should I drop my college?
Are mobiles allowed in Kalasalingam University hostels?
Is it worth it to work while in college or should I wait until I graduate?
Where are some pics of the IGRUA hostel rooms and campus available?
Are there any other scholarships like the Charpak Scholarship for Indian undergraduate students?
Is full fee reimbursement available in Muffakham Jah College?
Are there any scholarships for art students in India for studying abroad?
How can an international student find its own group in college?
Can I get into a CS course in a college if my GPA is low?
How hard is GA Tech?
What should be my choice stream in college so that it's beneficial in the next four years?
Is AAFT College good for design​?
How are the hostel rooms, food and faculty at AIIMS as compared to engineering IITs?
For well-rounded students who win 1st Place at Intel ISEF, how does college admissions go? Is it easier?
What is life like in IITs?
How do I start college with no money and no job?
What can you tell me about Nalsar University?
Does being able to pay for college increase my acceptance chances?
Is it possible to graduate from undergraduate college debt-free?
Should I attend TCNJ for engineering?
What are some pictures of the hostel rooms at ISI, Bangalore?
Where does the fee collected by colleges for re-examination go?
How many Ivy League graduates graduated from their top elite university maybe a decade ago, and are super wealthy today?
What is the best part about going to college in Denver?
Which is the best university for psychology teachers, Columbia University in New York or University College in the UK?
Is ragging still prevalent in government medical colleges?
How do I find the motivation to study in the last semester?
Can the top colleges in Bangalore like RV, BMS, PES, and MSRIT help a student to develop his skills, or should a student follow their (college's) schedule?
Do you think that going to college to be a doctor is really worth all the training and years that it actually takes to become one?
What are the benefits of studying at the University of Texas at Tyler?
What are the pros and cons of hostel life at PSG Tech?
Why do people pay for college?
Is being 20 years old too old to start college (UK)? I feel so behind compared to my friends.
Can I include extracurricular activities and achievements that were done after completing high school on a college application?
What is the standard of DAV (PG) College in terms of studying at BHU? Does it provide a hostel facility also? How does it differ from BHU main campus?
Where do Ivy League graduates end up living?
What is different about Ravenshaw University?
How's Changa University?
Which of these universities offer the best programme in psychology, Kings College, Coventry University, City University or Goldsmiths?
Would you consider going to college to be a doctor a waste of time even if you might actually become successful one day?
How was/is your hostel life as a boy?
What should I do if not all of my credits from my community college are fully transfered to my new university?
Does St. Stephen's College decide its cutoff based on the performance of the students that have applied?
How are the IIHM colleges?
As a college professor, you ask a student causing a disturbance in the class to go out, but they defy you. How do you deal with such a situation?
Can I do CA with regular CA college?
Which college is the best dual degree colleges in the world?
Is Sha Shib College good?
What kind of reputation does NY’s Dominican College have?
What does a college want to see, three years of high school student government treasurer, or treasurer for two years and president for senior year?
Should I stay in university or go to a community college?
How do I figure out what I want to go to college for?
Can I study abroad after my 10th grade in India?
How do I decide which major I should take in college?
How is life after UC Berkeley?
How did you become stronger in mathematics?
Does your UG Engineering college matter for your PG abroad?
Is the PUC degree recognised abroad? I.e., Can one go abroad for further studies if he's doing a PUC (for UG)?
Does anybody inquire for caste reserved students in college?
How is it like to live in-residence at the University of New Brunswick? Do you recommend any particular residence?
Do the renowned business schools in the US (like the Ivy League schools) prefer the applications of engineers more than those of the commerce graduates from India?
Is it natural to get turned on when teaching girls in college?
Can I take a cooler and a TV in my hostel room at NITT?
Should a middle class boy go to study abroad?
How is the NVM engineering college?
Should I quit college or continue?
What is life like at IHM Bhubaneswar?
What are the advantages of going to a newer university?
How can one do higher studies abroad?
Is it possible to transfer credits from an MSCS at SDSU to an MSSE at SJSU after the first semester?
What is the typical food budget of the average American university student and what food does that get you?
Are there any PhD scholarships that are easy to get abroad?
What are the truths that you discover after graduating from college?
Is it easier to transfer to a top school after freshman year (VS High School)?
What would happen if I missed my first semester Calicut University exam?
Is it hard to go to college for softball?
Do gap year students have to face any disadvantage while seeking admission to DIPSAR?
I am terrified of taking a class at the university I attend. Should I take the class at a community college instead?
Will Infosys provide the same batch for the same college students?
How do I study psychology abroad after 12?
What about an MBBS abroad? Is it good?
Did you find non-credit language courses at a community college to be benificial?
How can I stop feeling so confused?
Why is 'existential' deemed to be an intelligence? And how is it an asset?
What does the MIT fraternity tEp lose out on from not being on the Red Line?
How would you describe each and rank each of the first year dorms at Carnegie Mellon?
What are the benefits for a college to stay linked with a university?
Is there a mental condition that would account for a friend's 20-year-old son dropping out of college and losing interest in absolutely everything?
How would you explain co-induction to your average college student?
If I score badly in my first year in DU (say college A), can I withdraw from A to repeat the year in another DU college B?
When transferring from a community college to a university, should I take 75 credits to receive a 2-year degree and meet transfer requirements, or take 60 to receive a non 2-year degree?
How do I cope with coming back from college for the summer and losing friends from high school?
Is it better to do a PhD in India or abroad? Will doing it abroad be difficult?
What do you do when you don't reach the college of your dreams, which you worked hard for, and your college now meets none of your expectations?
How was Balaji Vishwanathan's college life?
Do people only be-friend their course mate in university?
What is the best way to help my son in pre-med university?
What is a good advice for an incoming economics major?
Should I choose McGill University or the University of Waterloo for my computer science bachelor’s degree?
Why are so many Indian students going abroad for their higher education?
Is going to college in the US and starting your life in deep debt really worth it? Should I go to college in Europe?
When does spring break start for college students?
How do underage Americans manage to get alcohol for their college parties, and not get caught?
What are the college facilities for RMSIT?
Is 1180 on the SAT good for a college like MSU? What are my chances?
What would happen if I were to go to college in the Philippines and get my degree there?
What is the prerequsite knowledge that a student must have before joining the Shailesh J Mehta School of Management?
How do you take a gap year before UC Berkeley?
What are the additional courses needed to be studied by EEE students while studying in the college?
Would you dislike your private tutor if he or she resigned due to a heavy workload at university?
What College Majors would one have to partake through in order to become a lawyer?
Where do TISS Mumbai students live who don’t get hostel on campus? What are the charges to stay off campus?
How do I become better at organising my university life?
Is it possible to migrate from Delhi (IP University) to a college in Nagpur without dropping a year?
What do future mathematicians do differently at university?
How can I make myself a good candidate for an Ivy League school as a CC transfer?
What is the college major that will most likely make me rich?
How can some college students afford to travel the world while still in college?
Will failing a general education class in my freshman year hurt me in the long run?
Is it possible to take 20-30 courses per semester in college and university?
How is BMSCE Bangalore in terms of placements, studies, atmosphere, personality development, and everything about the college?
How can I go from a 2.3 to a 3.5 GPA (only completed freshman year in college)?
How is it possible that I love science but I hate studying it?
Do Punjabi's think that if you fail to go abroad, then you are unsuccessful?
If I want to study abroad for MBBS which is the best country?
What are the reasons to go to the University of Florida versus going to the University of Wisconsin?
What is your opinion about hostel life?
Are there college scholarships available in the US for a student in a low-income family with a high ACT score (35) but an average GPA?
Is it a good idea to study abroad? What are the good and bad sides of it?
Which is more economical at DU, hostel or PG?
Is there anyone from Algonquin College, Canada?
What kind of experience is it when studying at Dalian University?
What should one do if they feel really stupid and dream to be a physicist and scientist?
Is there a way an F-1 student in their graduating semester can take a 4 credit class online (summer semester) and have the credits transferred over?
Which college should I attend after 10th?
Do you feel that segregation of "Whites" is acceptable on a college campus?
Is an internship necessary for studying a master’s in history abroad?
How is Quantum Global Campus as a college?
How exactly does a child get accepted into college while young? Isn’t there a certain amount of credits that need to be attained to graduate?
Is it worthwhile to go abroad and study and then practise in Mumbai?
Is Praxis a good idea for college graduates?
What are the differences in opportunities and life at Washington University in St. Louis when compared to the Ivy League schools?
Will the college know if a student hires an admission consultant? Does it really help? I have a feeling it's not fair to people who cannot afford it.
I am 21 and have only just started attending college. I recently got my GED and got accepted into college with good scores. Is it okay to be this late?
How did your classmates react when you got the highest grade?
What have English majors at UCSB done after graduating?
How would you rank these colleges for B.Tech CSE: MIT Manipal, MIT Jaipur, VIT Vellore, RV Engineering Bengaluru, LNMIIT Jaipur, DAIICT, and Shiv Nader University?
I want to study abroad but I cannot afford a lot. What all options do I have?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
What are suitable laptops for college students, especially for business majors?
Are rooms available for students in Lalpur?
What are the advantages of going abroad for a schoolyear?
Do you have pictures of your first day school?
Should I major in either philosophy or international development? (undergraduate)
Is a TC (transfer certificate) from college important for applying for a job abroad?
Is Northwest Suburban College genuine?
Is it worth being in a six figure debt to study abroad?
Is it possible to take graduate level courses in US colleges without being admitted to the college?
How big of a roll does the name of a college play in placements? Is it necessary to get admitted to a college that requires a large amount of fees?
Is taking three college science classes difficult?
Should one take MWF or TTh classes for college?
I'm thinking of going to college in either Canada or the UK. What is your advice?
How should an engineering student spend his/her semester break?
What if I went to college but withdrew with a low GPA, but now I want to go back?
What is your experience of studying in Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Kodambakkam?
Which are the scholarships available to Indian students for studying law abroad?
Which is the best PU college in Dakshina Kannada?
What happens in the first month in GITAM? What do they teach the students of the CSE department? How was your first day? What should I expect?
What do girls think of a boy who is made fun of by everyone in college?
What can l do at Stanford university?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
How is the hostel facility at Amity at the Bangalore campus?
What are the facilities at IIHM hostel? Could you please send a picture?
Should I drop out of college to become a pro boxer?
Are you happy with your college?
Who are your best friends in college?
How long do you have to study daily on average as a mathematics student at an Ivy League university?
How is St. Mira’s College for Girls, Pune?
What are some famous colleges in England?
Can we change our department after the first year in Thapar university?
Is college way too expensive today?
Does VIT University send students abroad for small educational trips?
Is there a way F-1 students can take a 4 credit online class & have the credits transferred over during a summer semester if it's the graduating sem.?
What's the best masters degree to do after u have completed BCom+acca?
Is there anyone who studied at Kappans Institute Trivandrum?
I have a 2.3 GPA from my freshman year in college. What should be my next step?
Can a NIOS student go abroad for higher studies?
What should I do if university spoiled my life?
Who has been the worst student in all the college courses you've ever taken?
What are the government engineering colleges like in Maharashtra, in terms of college life as well as placements?
Does a gifted child get any benefits for their college studies?
How was your first year in college/university?
How can you study abroad for free while attending a UC?
As I was suffering from depression, I had to drop out from college. I passed high school in 2012. Can I join any college as a freshman for physics?
How is the hostel’s mess food menu at NSIT Delhi?
Can you use a college algebra credit for a non-technical major at most 4-year universities?
How is life at the University of Hyderabad campus for an integrated MA student?
Is it a bad idea to study abroad in high school if it will delay my graduation?
What is the deadline for hostel rooms in Chandigarh University?
What medical tests are required to study abroad?
What is the difference between JECRC university and college?
How do I make the most out of my final year in University​?
How likely will a UC Davis exchange student get to live on campus accommodation?
How is the condition of Mangalore university's hostel?
What can I do about my stuttering situation as an RA?
According to Atul Roy, what are the mistakes that a 1st year college student should avoid while preparing for CSE?
What are the facilities at MIT hostel in AC rooms for freshers?
Is being a staff member of the supreme student council at our university, helpful for my college application? We organize university-wide activities and other things.
Is a 3.6+ GPA after my freshman year at Harvard a reasonable mark relative to my cohorts?
What's an affordable and fun city to live after college?
Why did SRK leave St. Stephens College and waste his mother's hard-earned money, didn't he do the same in Jamia Malia Islamia?
What colleges accept ACE credit?
I want to open a cultural club in my college. What steps should I take?
How does a college/university student analyze someone’s statements, written and oral, based on other information, according to Barbara Hughes?
How is Pana PU college, Mangalore?
How can a college student make a considerable amount of money with platforms like YouTube?
Is getting into a really reputed college like IITs or IIMs, important?
What is the study of music like at Middlesex University?
How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?
What are some minimalist wardrobe ideas for college going students?
What will be the overall total expenses for an Indian student studying in Canada for UG courses?
How is life at the KIIT campus?
Do you know anyone who got 45 in IB? What do you know about them?
Are there any universities where students use virtual money for buying stuff around their campus? How does the system work?
How is the college life at VIT Vellore?
How should we make friends in the first days at college?
What is the cutoff at MES College?
What is the best type of private loan for a poor adult to take out to go back to college in the US?
Why is the food of engineering college hostels bad?
What are the reasons you like (or don't like) Velammal?
What kind of account should I be putting money into during college? (US Resident/Student)
Can I change my stream after getting into a college in my first year?
Is there a difference between college life in Delhi and Jaipur? What is the difference between college students in Delhi and Jaipur?
Should I take a gap year to pursue my interests?
How can I create my own student honor code?
What are the easiest subjects to take in the first year of college?
What do Ethiopians say about Goldsmith University?
How is the college life at Mount Carmel College, Bangalore?
Is the Mechano-Informatics department of the University Of Tokyo an undergraduate course, and if yes, is it a robotics oriented career?
What are some suggestions for a good quality, affordable tenor saxophone for a college student who would like to play again after a long break (5+ years)?
Should we pay donations and fees every year for architecture college?
What are the most important skills to have in college life?
What is the hardest/easiest college math basic?
Do people bunk office for 3 to 4 hours daily, like students do in colleges?
How often do you attend M.com classes of Delhi University? Is the attendance necessary to maintain?
What could be the things that I might have to keep in mind while forming a Bhangra society in college?
Which university is better regarding the quality of life in the city and the condition of the dorms, Suzhou University or Shanghai Normal University?
What is the list of things we need when I am joining a hostel?
Nearly all of my sisters have gone abroad, but I may not go abroad because of my major. My family often compares me to them. I am lost. What can I do?
How should I raise $70000 to study at NYU?
How do you get time to understand what is being taught in college?
What are the benefits of studying at JIS College of Engineering?
Which is the better option for first-year housing at Williams College, Mission Park or Frosh Quad?
What do you think about your college life?
Is it better to go to college or university?
What's your best study method at college/university?
We have only 5 clubs in school, and not all remain active throughout the year. Does that mean I am in a serious disadvantage in college applications?
How is student life in Singapore and can they work besides studying?
Is taking a fifth year after high school truly a waste of time?
How can I eat healthy as a college student?
What are the pros and cons of being an Asian student in an American Ivy League University?
Can I get scholarship for studying abroad to pursue MBA from Ireland?
Can anyone study at college and also earn a living for oneself in India without their parents' support?
What are some ideas for what I can do during my upcoming gap year?
It takes forever for YouTube to load in our college at Delhi University. Which network provides the fastest data speed in our college?
Do you think it is okay to take out about 20k in student loans for one academic year for UF?
What do I need to do to please college recruiters?
How is NITHM as a college?
What is your hostel experience like at St. Stephens, Delhi?
What is the whole agenda of going through an educational atyaachar for the better part of your youth and college years if we have to suffer later, too?
Where can I get an educational sponsor for my on-hold B.Pharm. degree?
How many job opportunities will be lost if I attend FSU over UF for an undergrad in Information Systems?
Is there any dress code at UCMS for students?
Does college matter in order to get a good career?
Will my college rescind my admission?
Do colleges allow internship in the first year of college (undergrad)?
Is it really difficult for Chinese junior college students to have a good future?
How is the ragging scenario at IIIT Bangalore?
How many semesters are there in CSE at GNE College Ludhiana?
Who is responsible for making the course syllabus and credits at various colleges?
Which are some decent engineering colleges in India that give admission through the management quota? (Read description.)
Why do I like eating too much?
What must an undergraduate pre-med student do to greatly strengthen his/her extracurriculars?
How is the food at SRM Easwari College hostel?
Out of all the possible college majors, what is the weirdest or most useless major?
How was the first day at medical college?
Should I drop out of college and become a full-time freelancer?
What are the best places in abroad to study plant biology?
How should I write a budget in college?
What should I do in my MSBTE gap year?
How is life for a women studying in NLSIU? How is the hostel facility?
What is it like to study at Innopolis University as a foreign student?
Is post graduate PG enough for teaching in college?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
What are outside-college opportunities in Jaipur?
Which college in Mumbai would be the best to apply to for journalism (undergrad) if I am keen on going abroad and settling there for my post-grad?
What was your journey from being an ordinary person to a brilliant programmer in college life?
Which is the best hostel in Hyderabad?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
What are the business books to study if you can’t afford college?
Why do colleges force students to take Gender Studies courses?
Am I wrong for postponing going to college because I'm terrified of debt?
Can I change my college after my first year of B.Tech?
Can a Columbian student take classes at NYU Tisch?
What is stopping you from pursuing your dream to study abroad, especially in the USA? Are there any questions you would like to see answered?
Is Vaishampayan College in Solapur good?
Should I go straight into law school after undergrad or take about a year or two off to get some work experience and volunteer work done?
What are some of the most useful college majors that don't have to do with math/science?
What are the levels of education in college?
How did your life change after studying in North Campus, Delhi University?
As an American, should I go to college in Europe? I'm studying poli sci and international relations & really don't want to start my life in deep debt.
What things do I need to know about web developing that I would learn in college?
Can I attend MIT school of charm even if I don't go there (Boston College)?
How are the reviews of CollegeDekho’s support of students?
Which will be best for me, Amrita or VIT, keeping in mind I want studies and college life together?
As a college student, what steps should I take to begin investing?
Where is the Jain’s girls hostel in Mumbai?
Is there any Quoran who did his BTech in biotechnology at an average college and then pursued higher studies abroad and got a job?
If you become a college freshman again, what course would you take?
What are some easy cooking recipes that you used in college?
Were you unschooled and still ended up going to college?
Is that true that the Delhi University members who will check our papers will easily give us the marks because it is our last year?
What are some best engineering branches to choose for introverts?
What are the good options for studying medicine abroad for an Indian at a low cost, and which are approved by the Medical Council of India?
What sort of crisis is Walchand College of Engineering going through?
Can service members attend religious colleges for free?
What is the college timing for a BCA student in Mumbai?
Is New Horizon College fun?
Where can I volunteer abroad in Honduras as a PreMedical Student or PreNurse Student?
Is there any 1-semester study abroad program in Sathyabama University?
What are the qualities of best hostel warden for school?
What is the most funny moment in your college life?
Can Cambridge students study in libraries not of their own college on a regular basis?
What skills should I acquire before going to an Engineering college?
What should I do if my university bills me for books I didn’t take?
What questions should I ask the college professors?
Which college should I join: BBD or Ramswaroop?
Is education really that important for employment in a society in which the majority of people go to college? Isn't work experience more valuable?
Which is better at the undergrad level, media studies from India or abroad?
I'm turning 20 this year. I dropped out of high school but I got my GED shortly after. Should I go to college? Is college worth it?
How is the college life in IP colleges?
What is the best place to hide contraband (say an iPad) in a dorm room during an unanticipated (you have half an hour only) room inspection?
Which junior college is better for MOC in Visakhapatnam?
What are the things that an Indian student must keep in mind in order to get into the leading universities abroad?
How dark is college?
What are disadvantages for gap year students in DU?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a HTML5 AngularJS website template for a startup e-commerce app?
Is a first-year BFA student at Julliard eligible for transfer to Yale or Harvard as an undergraduate?
What is the true meaning of study in our college?
What do you think the most important thing required for college applications is?
Which is the official study abroad consultant for Ireland universities or institution in Delhi?
How much does it cost to do an MS abroad?
How is Mahesh PU College in Nagarbhavi?
Do college applicants for prestigious universities stay the same each year?
Is it possible to live on-campus while studying all or most courses virtually?
What is your view about Fleming College?
Do community college courses give you the same GPA boost as AP courses for the UC weighted high school GPA?
Why is GITAM starting college so early, on 14th June? When will the first holiday season be?
I really want to go to KMC Manipal but my family cannot afford it. Should I take a loan or go to a more affordable medical college?
How is your college/university's hostel mess? (food and ambience)?
In Patna University, is transferring from one college to another allowed?
What are some tips for my freshman year of High School?
Can someone who graduated from a non top tier school (let’s say ~70% acceptance rate) get into an Ivy League graduate program such as one at MIT?
How is a girl’s life in Lady Hardinge College Hostel?
I am studying MBBS in a private college. Can I change my college after 1st year and get adimission in 2nd year in a goverment college?
If someday we could go to parallel universes, in what universe would you go to?
How do I transfer into Princeton University?
Is it possible for first year SRM students to stay outside the hostel? How will I find roommates, and would it be cheaper than the hostel?
Can I live with a person of my choice in a college dorm, regardless of their gender?
What's the thing you hate about your engineering college the most?
How can I become prepared financially before going back to my university?
Which is best college for IT engineering?
What are some of the coolest graduate student clubs at Columbia?
How is student life at the GL Bajaj Institute of Technology, Noida?
I dropped out of BDS college and join MBBS college, what can I do?
What tips or advice do you have for a college student studying abroad in Valencia, Spain?
How are the UG girls’ hostel, foods, living conditions, cleanliness etc. for IMA (Social Sc) at University of Hyderabad?
Do international students in Ivy League universities in the US get as well paying jobs as their American counterparts?
Why doesn't place (college) matter when studying CS?
How is the hostel life of Gateway College?
How should I prepare myself for the ThoughtWorks college placements? Explain in detail.
I'm 18 (student college, male) and I am falling in love with guy student too in my college. Am I gay?
Even a year after graduating from college, I still regret not having done well. Is this normal, and how can I resolve it?
What are some of your best frat party stories?
Can I join a college without having my conduct certificate?
Can I take both school and college simultaneously?
Where do I find photos of IGIMS Patna especially the UG hostel rooms?
Why college education requires so much of cramming up?
How many IIRM students went abroad for studying?
How can I apply for admission into SV Agricultural College in Tirupati?
Can I get into a TA /RA at the University of Houston College of Technology in the second semester?
How do I know whether my university/college is an autonomous university or not?
What is better, paying a hefty sum to study in a new private medical college or paying ordinarily to study in a top notch general line college?
Why is it that the IIT student culture seems to be not focused on studies?
What should I do after a B.Tech to study abroad?
How do you feel in school?
As an American student taking a gap year to work in Copenhagen, where is a good place to live cheaply?
Is Berkeley better than Middlebury for an economics undergraduate, or should I take a gap year and try for an Ivy League, which rejected me this year?
What do you think about Thiyagaraja College?
Do you have to be smart to major in STEM?
What does it look like, when I did badly my first semester of college then did better my second semester?
Can I study law in India and do further studies abroad?
Can a person become a lawyer by going to college?
Which are the best private campuses in Jaipur WRT, for the education and campus life?
No colleges seem to stand out to me, how do I decide which to attend?
How many credits for each core class do you need in college (so I can plan out my AP and dual-credit classes accordingly)?
How do teachers deal with class clowns?
What questions will the interviewer ask me when I take part in the college’s employment opportunities?
What are the most mind-numbing and mind-twisting instruction experiences you have experienced in your college education?
How is SRK University Bhopal & its education quality and college system?
Who has gotten into dental school at Arizona State (online)?
Is it okay to be alone in college?
Does going to a top-notch junior college in Mumbai really matter in the long run?
Does TISS provide any scholarship for PhD abroad for further studies?
As a CS student, is it compulsory to carry a laptop at college?
How is KIIT in terms of college life and extracurricular activities?
What should my curriculum be comprised of to go to an Ivy League School? Essentially, how many APS should I take?
What colleges/universities allow male/female roommates in UK?
How are the hostel facilities in SRM Easwari College?
What are the college timings at VNR?
How is the hostel life at Shiv Nadar University for freshers?
What are the cons of doing distance learning or pursuing open colleges for post-graduation?
What do you think of college drop-outs in India?
What are the college timings at Vidya Mandir PU college?
INTJ parent of ESTP soon to be college student. Am I a horrible parent?
Does it matter if I take a premed in my last two years in the university after I transfer from a community college?
What is the best college in Bangalore to study B.Com at an affordable fee?
What is the purpose of visualizing? That brand new car has never come into reality.
How does a college or university student analyze how he/she reads depending on the academic subject?
How do I access the University of Chicago’s Joe and Rika Mansueto Library without being a student there?
What are the top colleges for studying HR abroad?
What are some of the perks of getting into a college?
What do I need to know to avoid 'culture shock' if I want to study abroad?
What is preventing state school boards from emphasizing skilled trades instead of college preparedness?
What is the best motto and slang for a college technical club?
How do college students in the Boston area generally think about students from NEU?
How do I build my passion in accountancy?
What are the criterias of studying abroad, post graduation?
How can I get to study at top universities abroad while doing my engineering in India?
Which is the best college Dhan Mepco?
Which is better for engineering: autonomous college or university?
Would it be good to pursue my medical studies abroad?
What are the Telugu minority colleges?
Who selects the students who gets accepted to Princeton?
What is it like in Subodh College?
Will colleges and universities be debarred from political activities?
What can I do in my current college (NYU) that will make me just as competitive for jobs as someone who went to an elite school (like Harvard)?
How is hostel life at IIITD?
What are some ragging experiences of girls at LNMIIT and are seniors friendly there?
What is the dorm/house culture like at Burton-Judson (BJ) at UChicago?
Should I take a gap year if I want to apply to MIT?
How do I get enough response from Facebook users who are intended to study abroad?
How do students of Ramkrishna Mission Colleges prepare for JAM and other exams? Do they attend classroom coaching centres or is their college enough?
Is IGRUA tough?
Is there any advantages for applying to colleges lower than your qualifications?
Is it possible to do a pre-med in the US and then apply to another country for specialisation?
Which can be the best college for BA LLB?
Is it advisable to create your own uniform at college?
I've had a 2.0 average since freshman year and I'm going to be a junior next year. Is it too late for me to be accepted into a good college?
What is most important about student life?
Should you go to college to learn a skill that you don't care about because you don't think what interests you will get you a good job?
Is there a way I can get back into college?
Why does every faculty​ suggest that students fully enjoy their college life but without compromising their studies?
How was your experience at the University of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school?
I am in college, I want to learn about science, but I also know I want to make movies in the future. What should I major in?
Is it better to get admission in a college or university in Canada?
Is it possible to transfer to a top school (Ivy League, Stanford, etc.) from another one or a slightly lower tier one, like UChicago or Duke?
Do first year students get hostels at NIT Raipur?
Do you think that high school courses should be taught at a faster pace?
Is it better to change a PU college or try to solve the problems within the same college?
What should you learn before moving out for college?
Where can I earn 15 university credits (15 EC/EU Credits) in marketing/strategy/business administration between now and September, online or in EU?
If a college student is looking for a job, would you recommend them posting flyers around town and in people’s mailboxes?
How can we study abroad without much money?
What is taught in the first year of college?
Is Michigan a good state to live in and go to college?
Does IITB offer single hostel room for girls?
What would you recommend to a freshman psychology major?
If a student of UIUC completes minimum credits and passes out a semester early, will he still need to pay the fee for last/final semester?
Should I drop college without paying the full fees of a BDS course?
Could foreign students take Fudan University undergraduate courses that is in Chinese for four years?
How we have to attend this college?
Is it possible for me to change colleges if I have a KT?
What do you prefer between Canadian colleges and universities as both are providing same courses? Which is better job wise college or university?
Are graduate admissions more competitive than undergraduate admissions?
Can we transfer our internship BDS course from one college to another in India?
Can we change colleges in our second year of engineering?
If I took a fulltime semester of college every summer, in how many years will I graduate?
Which Indian colleges allow transfers?
What companies pay you to go to college?
How are Italian students perceived abroad?
What should I do with my pets when I leave for college?
How is Banasthali?
What was the transition like from college to launching your own company?
How is KIIT hostel life for 1st year students?
Can I study abroad with a full scholarship and accommodation because my financial condition is not good?
How many (an estimated percentage) junior college transfers does UCBerkeley accept?
How is the hostel at Bennett University?
Do college students frequently read their professors' papers?
What is the written test all about in Christ College for PUC?
How much did professors study when they were undergrads?
What are common room/dormitory at Manipal hostel?
Is there any college in Pune where attendance is not necessary?
What are some of the facts you want to tell about your college anonymously?
How is life at the Nandagiri Hostel for girls in Mangalore?
Can I take college and school simultaneously?
What are the criterions for a GMAT student to get a scholarship to study abroad?
Can I transfer to another college in Pune?
What college major should I go for?
I’m in danger of falling below a 2.0 GPA at UC Berkeley after finishing my freshman year. What are my options to improve?
Do you need a postgraduate degree from an overseas university​ in order to do a doctorate abroad?
What course do I have to complete to go abroad?
What was the most useless course been taught to you at college?
A+ average students what does a weeks schedule generally look like for you?
How was your experience at U of Alberta? What are some pros and cons of attending the school? What is the average grade in most classes?
Which college should I choose for a business degree in finance, Lakehead University, Humber College, or Sheridan College?
Where are some good places to go on a gap year, what should I do, and how expensive will it be?
Will I have free time after college?
Does studying hard at college matter?
Where can I find multiple college scholarships online?
What is the difference between applying for early admission or applying as a freshman for college, and which is better to do?
What is the best college for a quality audit course?
Is it logical for colleges to look for well-rounded students instead of students with the highest academic honors and achievements?
Can I get a girlfriend in my second year of college?
Which is more beneficial, staying in my hometown or moving an hour away for college?
Why would an FL inmate want to be the house man in a dorm every day?
Why shouldn't university/college be for free?
How do I get a seat in RBVR hostel (Reddy hostel) in Hyderabad?
How excellent is PU College of Moodubidire?
Who is having a funny life after college?
What things do you value in a university/college?
What is the eligibility to study abroad for MBBS?
Is it possible for me to change colleges after the 3rd semester?
How bad will my wacky math grades look in college applications?
Are outsiders allowed to stay with students in IIM hostels? I mean apart from the married student dorm or something.
What are the college timings of MES PU college?
How does King’s College compare with Oxbridge?
How do you know which undergrad school you belong in?
How can a GMAT student apply for scholarships to study abroad?
Which university/college is the best for Pre Medical degree?
How is life at Jonas Hall of Christ University?
Is a BFTech degree recognized abroad? What are some good foreign colleges for an MFTech?
What good think about college?
Is it possible for a college student to study abroad fully depending on herself?
What are the curricular activities required for aerospace to study abroad after appearing for ACT?
Do first year students at Christ College get a summer break?
How do I upgrade my college results?
Is it possible to change my engineering college, after the first year?
Can you become a lawyer by attending a college in Canada or can it only be done by attending a university?
What are the best answers for "why do want to study in our college"?
What were your final freshmen grades for the first semester of college?
Why do Indian students go for higher studies aboard? Is it for better education quality or something else?
Does every high school and college have an honor code?
Was your MBA experience academically satisfying?
What should we do to apply for abroad studies with scholarship?
How does a guy studying in a college affiliated to VTU get a top notch internship abroad or otherwise?
How is the Mahesh PU College in Kalaburgi?
What would happen if college students assaulted someone who criticized the university?
Is it advisable to take a gap year after Alevels if a student doesn't meet the requirements and may study the subject in the gap year?
After college, why does it feel like you have no meaning in life though you do have?
What happened when you went to your first day at school?
QB released the College Prep Scholars decision. How competitive is it now that in 2017, 12,000 juniors applied but only 3,700~ were accepted?
How is DSE (Delhi University), in terms of academic pressure?
What is a day in the life of a private school or college professor who lives on campus like?
For management studies which is better, IIM or abroad?
Do colleges care about community service?
Does college have summer classes?
Is Vasvi a good college, and does it have good interviews?
What is best place to live off campus RMIT? Please answer in reference to foreign student.
Are stress levels manageable at Amrita University? Also, can you advise me on Bangalore hostel life?
Which is better for engineering, studying in one’s hometown or studying in a hostel?
Do universities abroad provide scholarships to study for an MBBS? If so, where?
How did you deal with a person who couldn't take a hint and leave you alone?
How do you call someone who is good at writing but shy at talking in English?
What is your ideal way of spending the last day in college?
How do I study well in my college after not getting into any IIT/NIT?
How's R.C. Patil, and how come I get the picture of the campus and hostel of cosmetic technology?
Can I get admission in another college and give the KT which I got from my previous college?
I will turn 18 at the end of my freshmen year at college. What is the experience like for someone who is younger than most people in college?
How are college days similar and different to school days? Do we get enough time to waste?
Is it the college/university that makes a difference in a student's life, or is it the student himself/herself that makes the difference?
I'm very interested in maths, but my country does not provide majors for it. Is it good for me if I study abroad? Where can I go?
Is it better to study at a semester abroad program in Sastra?
How is the hostel life at NIT Surat? How are the food, the washrooms, electricity, student security, etc.?
Which choice should I make, university credits plus GPA improvement or community college?
After I graduate, I will no longer be eligible to be part of my parents’ life insurance. What is an affordable option for a college student in California?
What is the best way to study science and music together in the years preceding college?
What was the most challenging class you took in college?
What should I do as my charitable contribution that will make me stand out in college admissions?
How does West Point compare to other colleges and Ivy League schools?
What is the reputation of KGMC abroad?
Where do I find a good video production company for an upcoming fest that is going to be held in our college?
Do you learn less from your fellow students if you attend a less prestigious (academically rigorous) college? Are the students less interested in learning?
Will college allow me to join a company in my 7th semester?
What is the greatest class you ever took in college? (or elsewhere)
Will having a student conduct strike for being in the presence of marijuana prevent me from being able to transfer to another university?
Should I study science in India or abroad for post graduation?
Why are some college students so weak that they need crying rooms after their candidate didn't win?
Is it okay to lie in a college application that I am a first generation student? I feel being a first generation can be an advantage for top colleges.
Which is better, JNTUH or other private universities?
Can international students work outside of the college in the U.S.? How can they get an on-campus job in the U.S.?
How is the attendance scene in Sophia College Mumbai?
How do you make the most of college/university?
What are some experiences with the Tufts bridge-year program?
How is your experience of studying abroad in London?
How is Jain University in terms of dress code and hostel life?
Are pre-college programs related to pre-med subjects useless or will they really help a lot in the future?
Is failing and repeating the first year of college something to be ashamed of?
What should I do for charity that will make me stand out in the college admission process?
What are the living and colleges expenses for an undergraduate studying in Europe?
Can an IES officer go for higher studies abroad?
Do colleges take the circumstances of the student into account?
What is an aid college?
What do you think of the Japanese government scholarship for foreigners (MEXT)? Is it worth giving up my major (medicine) to apply for medicine through MEXT?
What are some funny or bold incidents of cheating in exams during your school or college time?
For getting into decent colleges, how important is it to take 4 years of high school math?
What community college classes can I take as a pre-requisite for International Relations at UC Berkeley?
What is the best and cheapest place to work and study abroad?
How do I change my college after the 1st year of engineering in VBIT?
How do Ivy League colleges see people who transfer without an A.A.?
I wish to pass college but I don't want to attend classes or do the Cornell notes required. What should I do?
I am on the verge of getting dropped out of college, what should I do to prevent it?
In which country can I get a master's in bel canto abroad after graduating from a conservatory of music in China? Which is the most expensive? Which is the cheapest?
As a college student who lives in a dorm, what is your cheap, ultimate savior from hunger?
How do I live with the fact that I did not study at a good college? How do I break the feeling of mediocrity?
What are some colleges in Milan with credits that are transferable to a U.S. college?
Would it be more effective on my college application to create a unique fundraising club for my school or to join the student government?
What experience(s) did you go through in school which caused you to experience fear?
Are there any ongoing contests/competitions in the fields of business/marketing/ finance for college students in NYC?
I’m balancing BJJ as a busy college student with a job. Do you have any tips?
What are the placement conditions in Sinhgad College?
What is the best RTU college in Jaipur?
Which college should I choose for IIT?
How do I make most of my engineering college life in AISSMS COE, Pune?
What's something that you wish you had known during your freshman year of college?
Is there a refund policy at GITAM University in case a student drops out before the start of the semester?
Do you think attending university made you more empathetic?
Where is the best country to Brazilians study abroad in Europe?
What is it like to move to Mangalore for 1st and 2nd PU and study in St. Aloysius PU College?
How is Sadhana PU College in Bangalore?
Can I change college in the second year with 2 ATKT?
What are some college life pro tips?
In the USA, if a student thinks he has been rejected unfairly by an elite university, can she/he sue in court?
Should I do polytechnic or graduation from a government college after dropping one year after 12th?
Is Columbia University better than Washington University in St. Louis at computer science?
How does it feel to live in Delhi as a DU north campus college student?
What are the best places to study plant biology abroad?
Is my life ruined because of not being in college?
Is it hard to transfer to Wesleyan as a rising junior?
Can we put a cooler in a Thappar University hostel room?
Do you think that it's easier to get straight As in high school or college?
Which college in Delhi has the most foreign students?
How can I get admission in JECRC College in the 2nd year from Purnima College of Engineering?
How do I apply for Jain College Pre-University courses?
What is it like being a teacher for over 25 years?
What are the pranks and masti that engineers, especially girls, do during their hostel lives?
What is special about the institutions of technology and the other colleges?
How should college students prepare for jobs?
Does IGDTUW provide a hostel facility for NCR students?
What are difficulties students face in school or at college?
Should I go to Wash U or Berkeley for pre-med?
Gordon Miller, what do you suggest college students take advantage of while in school?
Do you agree that university/college should be free for families that can’t afford to pay for their kids’ education?
Can students who are already in college apply for AISEE?
Are there people who think their hostel is better than their home?
Is it possible to double-major in biology and philosophy, while taking the required premed courses, and still graduate in four years?
Do you have any tips on how you can manage college debt once you graduate?
Does a day scholar miss out on fests and clubs?
What's an alternative to college?
When does a new semester start in a college?
Why do many students still learn Python 2 instead of 3 at college now?
How was your first day at MUJ?
Is George Brown College a good choice for foreign students?
Where should I study abroad, Italy or China (Shanghai)?
How can I do my higher studies in medicine abroad?
Are there any summer schools/courses that I can attend as a college student?
Will I have to do my first year again if I change my branch by taking the JEE again in my first year for the same college?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad (MBA or master degree) in Europe for people outside of Europe?
What are some international college scholarships available for a class 11 science student from India?
How is Bennett University?
Is it right to take CS at UIT college?
How do I make a balance between 75% college attendance and learning modern technologies?
Can I be successful in life even though I don't like the idea of going to college?
How is the life of an ECE student in VIT Chennai/Vellore?
I'm studying abroad in Virginia (W&M) next year, does anyone have any tips or advice for someone from England?
How well known is Columbia University in Australia?
Will there be ragging in biochemistry?
Which is currently the best place to study abroad after engineering?
How hard is it to find an affordable apartment in NYC for a college student?
Is there any government college where I can study without any fees?
Is SVCE a good place to study and enjoy college life?
Should I take a year off from college to develop some deep pursuits?
Will there be ragging in the BSc?
What do you do after university (as a law student) or high school?
How is student life in Ostrava?
What advice is best for a young (21) foreign professional who really wants to attend university, but doesn't have enough money to do so?
Can I go abroad for my master's degree with a 62% in 12th class?
What are some tips for wisely scheduling your freshman year's college classes?
Is it possible for someone who won a scholarship to study in the US be issued a visa to study abroad?
I’m changing college after the first year, do I need a gap-year affidavit?
What does it mean to be a Kluge Scholar at Columbia University?
Is maths compulsory for studying in Australia? If it is compulsory, then what can I do to go abroad?
What are the campus interview/placement colleges and universities in Coimbatore? Which courses will be useful/suitable for girl students in BE?
What skills should a college student have to make himself different from others?
How can I study abroad with scholarship by taking coaching?
Would you consider a 2-year gap from college a big deal, or would it have been better to go to college as soon as I graduated from high school?
What critical skills are missing from your applicants that recently graduated from college?
How long do/did you take doing homework in your freshman and sophomore year of highschool?
Should I take a gap year after my high school?
Does the reputation of your college motivate you to study?
How do I explain that I'm not returning to college next semester?
What advice would you give to incoming freshmen at Howard University?
Which college does Hrishabh Upadhyay study in?
How do I manage studies in hostel life?
What time does the earliest class start in a typical U.S. college?
What is SPJIMR Hostel life like?
If I want to go into law school what should I be looking for in a college to complete my gen ed requirements?
What did you get after you got into college and lost something?
How can I find a girl’s PG or hostel near Herald College Kathmandu?
Which Chennai colleges do not care about attendance?
Is studying abroad after a scholarship at SAT expensive?
Does taking readmission in first year clear out our first year record and give a a CGP based on only four years?
Coralie Moller: How would a college/university student analyze on what he/she reads?
Is doing an apprenticeship a good idea after college and before university?
How is architecture at TKM College of Engineering?
Can a medium family aspirant get into studying abroad for an undergraduate degree?
Are there any suggestions for students who intend to study abroad (Australia)?
How many colleges are counted under JCECEB?
How can l make more money in college?
If your college professor falls in water, based on what you learn in your major, would you be able to save your teacher?
Can I do track in college if I didn’t do it in high school? If I can, how can I prepare for it?
What’s it like to invest in student accommodation in the UK?
How is the review of CIC, DU?
Which Ivy League has the best diplomacy or international relations program? Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Penn (Huntsman) or Columbia?
Due to financial issues I couldn’t attend college for 2 years. I’m in a B.Com and now I can continue. How can I continue, rejoin and clear the ATKT exams?
How do I make a "spike" in my college application related to psychology?
Where are some cheap, safe places with good Internet access in the United States?
What is the use of a good CGPA in college? How will it be useful?
Do some colleges allow guys to have girl roommates? Which colleges?
Should I give up on the pre-med path?
Should I be self-conscious about going to an Ivy League school?
Is a high grade point average in college going to help you get paid more in the working world?
How can I graduate college in one year with 66 credit hours?
Is NIT Delhi good for CS? How is hostel life and sports culture?
How was your college life as a computer engineering student in India?
What courses do you recommend to take at a Community College for someone aiming a CS degree from an elite university?
How can I be cool in college?
Would it be better to take a hostel at agricultural engineering colleges, rather than live outside the hostel? I have heard that hostel life is too noisy and there is no environment to study.
How safe is the DU hostel for girls?
Is the College Board good or bad for education?
How much does it cost to be in a fraternity?
When will the ATKT exams be held this year at CHM College?
What are some ways of studying abroad after doing IIT?
How hard is it to find good computer science classes after graduating college? Should I stay a little longer in college to take more classes?
What are the cheapest countries to study abroad in Europe for people outside of Europe?
Is it possible to attend 4 different universities all at once, even if it is illegal?
Does any of you feel that a hostel is a better place than your home?
If I fail out of a pretty good university, what are my options for potentially transferring to another college?
What is some advice to handle a double major in college?
How was your first day at Math IIT, Trivandrum?
What should I do as my charitable contribution that will make me stand out in the college admission process?
What is the quality of hostel in KIIT?
Do students from top universities often understand the taught courses faster than those in average universities?
Is there any scholarships that covers 100% of our expenses for studying abroad? The course should be non-professional and at master's level.
Do I need my highschool subject notes for college?
What college course should I take?
How can I get into advertising without any type of experience or college?
What does it mean if a student got a year-back and took re-admission to the same college/university?
What are the problems students face in school or college regarding the completion of their academic syllabus (in terms of quality and generally)?
Can I go to the USA/Canada even if I am from a local college in Tamil Nadu?
What about Nagarjuna College of Engineering?
Can anyone suggest college, which has courses of BBA like RIIMs college, IE. Study two years in Mumbai and rest 1 year in UK?
How is life like at the SRCC girls’ hostel?
What's it like to study at Vassar College?
Can CA and regular college be beneficial?
How much does it cost to study in Ivy League colleges?
What is the placement scenario for a Chemistry major graduate in Ramnarain Ruia College?
Will colleges provide a dorm if I go to med school or grad school if I have no place to stay?
What college should I go to if I want to be an astrophysicist? Which college will I get for a BSc in Physics?
What are the average monthly living expenses for an international graduate student at UCLA/UC Berkeley/TAMU/Purdue? Do you have any housing suggestions?
Which is the best branch of Natayana College?
How did it go for those who thought college wasn't for them and were pressured by their parents to attend?
Is it necessary for those students who got a "backlog" in the first semester at KIIT to attend summer classes?
Will colleges like Velammal allow students to learn out of the box?
Which period is more important for an IITian, preparation or college?
How do I say thanks to my professor?
Which is better, Purnima College of Engineering or Mody University?
What are the non-AC 3-seater rooms like at KIIT’s boys’ hostel?
I am studying in the 6th semester of VTU college. Do I have the chance to change my college?
I'm a rising UVA freshman in SEAS for BSCS and also want to do Pre - Med. How should I go about completing the Pre-Med courses in a CS degree program?
Can you give me reviews about St. Xavier's School Burdwan?
How was SRK in Stephen's College? Why did he change his college?
If you could go to a college, which one would it be?
I keep failing classes and don't think I'm meant for college. Should I get an easy useless degree or cut my losses and drop out?
Is Bangalore College an anti-ragging campus?
How does one survive college with autism?
When will classes start at Narayana Junior College for academic year 2017?
In hostels, do we get separate rooms or double beds?
Do different universities have different course layouts for the same subject?
Why do so many college students want to have pets? Should we support university students to have a pet?
Are you still connected with your college friends?
What college did Nixon attend after High School?
How is attendance at D.Y. Patil College?
Is it wise to attend a model UN after many years out of university?
Which Indian college has the tallest student hostel building? How many storeys does it have?
As a college student, how can I get a patent?
If I don't get into a government college (which is highly likely), what do I do?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
Which is the best college for improving language?
Why are high school and college students stressed out about finals?
My crush might go to the same college as I am, what do I do?
Is it good to do GME now? Which colleges provide sponsorship for their students?
Is it better to do study abroad or India is fine in case of graduation?
Can you recount a time when you started off really badly as a freshman undergrad in premed but managed to get into your choice of medical school?
Is there anyone who studied from a third class college but is currently doing the best job?
Should I study harder than others and not have any play time, in order to be at the top of my school?
Is science coaching good at MES PU College?
Who's your favorite freshman?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
Does your GPA improve if you take more introductory courses?
What is the most effective, cheapest way to advertise to college students?
Can I share a bank account with my mother? I am going to study abroad this year and my mom is coming with me.
Should I go to AISECT University MP?
Are the conditions of the hostels and mess at MANIT Bhopal worse now?
Should I join AIESEC? I am going to a college which has very strict attendance rules, and I'm going to stay in a hostel so that makes it tougher.
I can graduate in 3 years or study abroad at UCL for a year and graduate in 3.5 years instead. Which option should I go for and why?
What is the easiest course to study abroad? I only want to experience traveling and living abroad.
What are things college students can do besides studying?
Is Herald college Kathmandu a good college?
What class should I choose in Careers360 in the college predictor as there are many classes?
I dropped out of college without telling my parent, what should I do?
Are state colleges bad?
What are some pretty strong disadvantages to studying abroad in general?
Do you think college should start one year earlier in the American school system?
What​ things should I do before leaving​ my college​ life​ for a good career?
Would you continue to go to college if your family was poor?
Who is (or was) your weirdest teacher?
What advice would you give to a pre-med incoming freshmen at UCLA?
Is CSU, Chico a bad college?
What is your advice for a science undergrad?
What was your college admission essay after taking a gap year?
Should we take NPTEL courses in the second semester?
What do you think about a crowdfunding campaign for a student to study abroad, based on what you will help him?
Is it worth it to pursue relationships in college?
Is it true that Iranian Bahá’ís are forbidden to attend university in their homeland?
What is the point of going to a really good college like Harvard, if you can go to a less known college and get the same education?
How do you make the last exam of your student career memorable?
Is it better to do medicine in India or abroad?
Is it too late to go to college at 19 as a girl?
What should I do if I am suspicious of my professors crossing ethical boundaries and somehow gaining access to my personal online messages?
Do a PG student get a hostel room in IIT Delhi campus?
Which is the best college to study an MBA at abroad? Also, what are the admission criteria?
How can a mediocre student go to study in a good college for a Master’s abroad?
What's the best way to write a personal statement when applying at universities or colleges abroad for your higher studies?
Should I retake a class in which I got a C to increase my graduate school chances?
I did poorly on my math placement exam for college. Should I take the catch up class?
Does getting a master’s degree mean a few more years of college life?
Do you think that Boy Scouts of America (BSA) teaches outdated principles?
Should I attend UCSD or wait and apply to UCLA or CAL?
What matters more, where you go to college or how you do in college?
What's the student life like at XJTLU in the Department of Biological Science?
What are some ways to deal with young and petulant college girls as a male professor in a women's college?
I’m a 26-year-old college student. Do I have to work and go to school or just focus on my college education?
Are JD Birla and Shikshayatan reputed colleges for doing a BBA course in Kolkata?
What are some good biology experiment ideas for college students?
How hard would life be if you don't go to college?
Is it better to do medical in India or abroad?
Are there any outside scholarships based solely on academic performance for US college students?
Why is the University of Chicago harder to get into than in the past?
What do university fraternities do in clubs?
Will I get an NTSE scholarship, if I change my college after 1 year of engineering?
Is Ulster business school a good university
Does Jai Hind College Bombay have an attendance issue for B.Com students?
Do any other countries that have free college offer it to US students?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
What are the cheapest or affordable colleges to study abroad?
What were your most heartbreaking moments in college life?
How can college incubation at an AKTU private college be helpful in turning a startup into a successful company?
Would colleges even read your application if it was sent only 1 month prior to their fall semester?
Can a CA go abroad for a job after a competition?
What's the difference between BHU main campus and its affiliated colleges in terms of education level, class semester and hostel charges?
Is your current occupation the career you wanted when you were attending college?
I’m a junior in college, and I have a crush on a girl. I feel like my focus is shifting. What can I do?
Do I have to retake courses I took in high school again in college?
Should I take a gap year for an MBBS for the third time?
How important is community service when applying for the universities for an MS?
Will the College of William and Mary look down on me as a transfer applicant for attending Liberty University?
How was it to leave home, go to college and live alone?
Can a student stay in PGs instead of hostels in MUJ?
How would you reassure students who will not graduate Phi Beta Kappa, Summa Cum Laude that their futures will be fine (or will it)?
How does the hostel life during college hinder your career?
Can I still get my BSN if I failed my 1st year of college with a 1.0 GPA? I took some time off, and I feel ready to go back. I have AP credit as well.
Should I do CA with BFM? Will it affect my CA studies, as I will have to attend college? Which colleges don't have attendance issues?
What is the most effective way to reach out to college administrators about speaking on their campuses?
What is your experience at Marymount Manhattan College?
Were college students better off before social media?
How can I apply for a dorm in Budapest? (my school doesn't have it)
How do I travel with no money (Gap year)?
What's more important, the college experience or the degree?
How was your experience as a student on Skooli?
What are some things that I can learn best/only in college?
At which college should I study in order to become an astronaut, and how many years of study will it take?
Which one should I go to for CSE? I got 57k rank in SRM and 4k rank in LPU. Will I get a good SRM campus for CSE?
What is it like to graduate from IMS?
What are the PU board languages offered at PU College?
Which Ivy League school has the best football team?
What’s life like after college for a psychology major?
Is it ok if I'm less sociable in college?
What should a young person do if they're worried they have nothing to offer the world?
What do I do after I’ve been rejected by a college classmate?
What undergrad major would benefit an entrepreneur the most?
I've worked in a factory since out HS. I'm now 37 and want change. Is it a bad idea to start at 0 and go to college for forestry or land conservation?
What steps can I take to become more intelligent and more well rounded while in college?
Which is the best overseas university at which to study for an MBA in 2017?
What are signs that guys (high school/college) are intimidated by you?
Will having less than a 6 CGPA in my BTech course and then few gap years after that affect MBA admissions at top business schools and placements thereafter?
What did not it work for you at the university?
Is ragging a matter of concern while joining any college?
Does Emory University meet 100% of the financial needs of international undergraduate students?
What should be my UG course if I want to do pyrotechnics or explosives?
What are the suitable partime jobs for college students?
Is it fine to go to a college at an age of 23?
What do you look for in an undergrad college?
If one has to define the best things about joining AIT, Pune, how will you do that?
Why do colleges establish R&D labs?
Is anyone going to Deakin University at the Geelong waterfront campus in July 2017?
Do employers immediately dismiss you for not having a certain degree whether it be high school or college?
How much can a Trinity College Dublin student from India earn during college?
Should I go to college with a 2.3 GPA?
Can I write first and second year degree exams in the same year without taking first year classes?
Do you think education abroad is necessary?
How have the placements for BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE been this year (2016-17)?
What's the new student orientation like at Binus University?
Which dorms at Berkeley have their own bathroom (other than Bowles Hall)?
Can I know how much I need to pay to buy a seat in RMK Engineering College?
What should I do if I'm extremely lost in life? I can’t seriously decide on a college major.
Which is best scholarship exam for studying abroad?
What are the things that a first year student should do in IIT?
Why don't my parents want me to study abroad?
I don't have anyone to look up to. I am supporting a younger brother through college while desperately pulling myself through. What should I do?
How is the girls' hostel facility at NIELIT, Aurangabad?
Why isn't college free in the USA?
For a US master's student, what's the proper time to start a Ph.D application?
What's the best computer for a college student (English major)?
How was your first semester at SUAS Indore?
How do I pass time during Pakau College lectures?
How should I use my gap year after high school wisely?
How do I impress my CS professor in the freshman year?
How is campus life in Ramaiah?
Can a student who’s 17 years of age go abroad for future studies?
What is the experience of studying at Ulster University?
Which are better - college days or school days, and why?
How is campus life at NIFTEM?
What is a good summer job for an attractive male college student (age 21) to make a lot of money?
Can an Indian get opportunities to study abroad for free? If yes, how?
Should I go to Emory University or Middlebury College?
What are the types of law?
What should I study at university if I want to build Baymax?
How was your high school experience compared to college?
What advantages a 4th or 3rd year student get over winning a college election?
How big is the bias of race in college admissions?
Is college in the US expensive enough that it is fraud not to guarantee students a passing grade and degree?
Is it useful to study abroad?
How is the hostel in RC Patil Institute?
I messed up in college. Is my future gone?
How do I develop my individual value in college?
Which courses get the most application in college?
Can you take summer courses at your 4-year institution and at a community college at the same time?
How is admission in Samras Hostel?
How can I prepare to go to college at 16?
What resources did Manish Bhattacharya use to become such an expert in security in just 1 year, during his college days?
At Stanford, is it better for a "pro fro" who needs quiet at the end of the day to live in a freshman or four-class dorm?
What are the possibilities after an MBA from Henley Business School, UK, for non-EU students?
How much are the fees to study abroad, say in the UK or the USA?
How many students has BITS Pilani sent for the GSoC programme?
What is/was your experience like as a graduate student at Jacobs University Bremen?
Which is better, majoring in math, physics, engineering, or computer science?
What should my son start to study at Carnegie Mellon to have a better job?
What does it feel like to study under the Bridge Program at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College?
How is Syndenham College in Mumbai?
Is it true that boys are allowed into the girls’ hostel, even into their rooms, in IITs?
Are boys allowed to enter girls’ hostels at BITS?
How is DCRUST?
How do I handle an LDR breakup when studying abroad? Help me and counsel me.
What do people regret not doing during their CS freshman or sophomore years?
Should I leave my engineering in 2nd year due to mental harassment by management and professors and rejoin another college?
Is starting schools and colleges earlier before 10:00 am would affect their academic performance and health?
What should I do if my hard work is not appreciated by my college professor? I'm a CS student.
Is it ok to change universities in your second year?
Is it okay to be confused about a master’s during the first year of undergrad?
Do colleges look whether you got expelled?
Is college a must? Do I really need to go to college to be successful?
Is it okay to fall in love during student life?
How can I change colleges after completing my first year at BAF?
If I pay my college fees, shouldn't it be my choice to attend classes or not? Why is there a minimum attendance requirement?
Which is the best FIITJEE junior college in Hyderabad?
Is it a bad thing if I feel like college isn't for me?
What is it about school life that makes you start missing it a lot thereafter in college/elsewhere even though when being there, you may have disliked it?
What is life like when you enter an Ivy League school?
Should I study in a college affiliated with the University of Wolverhampton?
How did you start freelancing in college? Share your experience and story.
What competitive exams can an Indian write to get into a college abroad?
Do designing colleges blacklist people who take a year gap after class 12? Does it cause problems if you are trying to get into a job after college?
How is hostel life at Sastra in terms of freedom and infrastructure? Do you have photos?
How do undergraduates at IGNOU manage to maintain a social life?
If I am suspended at a university will I be able to attend college?
As an incoming college freshman studying biomedical engineering, how can I become a management consultant?
How does it feel when you leave college after 4 years of studying engineering?
Do M.Tech students fail at IISc?
Does any college student want to know about Business Analytics - what exactly does it mean, and what are the jobs like on a day-to-day basis?
I'm taking an online course at a community college. How do I stay motivated when I see nothing's going to come of taking the classes?
Did you hire a professional college planner, and, if yes, how was it valuable for you/your student?
Can you hide a gap year in your undergraduate application?
What is the process for an undergraduate Indian student to do a master's in physics from Cambridge?
In the drama club or department, do we get to go to different colleges and even abroad?
How can an Indian student study abroad?
What are some useful secrets that you know, but most people do not?
How is Jain University?
What are the biggest takeaways and lessons you've learned after being an undergraduate TA?
How do chemical engineers spend their life in college? Do they need to recall or you can say remember every compound?
What are some tricks and tips to raise children to excel academically so that they never struggle in high school and college?
What should I do if my college refuses to give me an NOC certificate for a transfer? My college is affiliated with GTU.
Which universities or colleges are the best for acting and drama studies abroad?
Are gap years after high school or after the university popular in France and Brazil?
What should my son study in Carnegie Mellon to get a better job?
Are the hostels and college in KIIT in the same campus?
I got 130 marks in MU OET 2017. Can I get ECE?
How's the study, study atmosphere, practicals, faculties & hostels in VelTech Dr. RR & Dr. SR University? Is the placement of the 3+1 year abroad programme students good for mechanical engineering?
What is Sri Chaitanya’s main campus girls’ hostel in Madapur like?
How is Amrita University Bangalore’s hostel life?
Should I drop a year of college to find what I want in life?
What did you eat as a poor college student?
How is Mahesh PU College in Bangalore?
Which exams are accepted in University of Stuttgart for an MS?
How is the semester system helping students with their studies?
How do some people who aren't even competent enough to graduate from college start successful companies?
Is it good if one starts preparing for GMAT from second year of his college life?
Why is my mind in a constant fight for relevancy?
What are some drawbacks of going to Carnegie Mellon University?
How is the life of an MBA student different from an M.Tech student?
What is the best way to study for introduction in College Math?
How can I convince my father that I want to go abroad for my higher education?
Is PERI a good college?
Is Shri Ram College of Commerce fun? Is there any ragging?
Should I go to college to be a film/TV writer? If not, what school should I go to?
What challenges and problems must students overcome to complete their college studies?
Is it ok for a college lecturer to talk about their views on abortion in class?
How are the boys hostel in Panjab university? Can anyone share photos of the rooms?
What are some ideas for a presentation on UN terminology?
I’m in college and I feel like I’m forgetting most of what I learned in the classes I took. What can I do to keep that information and build from it?
Is it easier to get into Tsinghua as an international student?
What were your ECs to get into Columbia undergrad?
Does someone have to attend college and obtain a degree before they can become wealthy?
What is it like to study humanities/social sciences at the University of British Columbia (UBC)?
Can I start a PG in Coimbatore near PSG college?
What would a good game engine senior thesis be about?
What can you tell about KL University?
What is the fees for puc in royalconcorde PU college Bengaluru?
How do I apply for a summer semester abroad after my first year?
What does the typical annual university budget look like?
What facilities are given in a KIIT double-bedded AC hostel?
What is it like to transfer colleges? When is it a good idea to transfer?
How does one avoid socializing in college?
How can an Indian undergraduate from a regional college get into one of the Ivy League universities?
Should someone who has not achieved anything in college go to his farewell?
Can you go into college at age 16?
Is it true that most of the students from BMSCE Bangalore CSE/ISE get placed into TCS, Wipro, Accenture and other mass recruiting companies?
Should I do one year internship at Accenture or transfer to a 4-year University?
What should one avoid when he/she is in their first year of college?
What is the best thing that you experience in your university life?
I don't know where I want to go to college. How can I make a decision?
After graduating from high school, I went to college to study English (literature) but unfortunately dropped out before graduating. Now I am seriously thinking of studying psychology abroad. What should I do to achieve my goal/dream?
How is the hostel at Jain University, Banglore?
Should I take up CS in a college that has almost 700 freshers in CS?
Which college has the biggest campus in India?
How are the students at Christ College?
How can I improve my personality as a university student?
How do I join Chaitanya Junior College, and what's the eligibility?
Do employers care if you went to a community college?
How do college students who cannot get jobs earn money for clothes, textbooks, and healthy food?
What is it like to transfer universities after freshman/first year?
How is a job at a BEd college on a contractual basis or as a guest lecturer?
Which college should I attend, Jain University or Presidency University?
What is Teach for America? Is it a type of grant or something?
Can you graduate with a masters without being a senior? If I skip general chemistry and take higher classes, can I graduate with a masters without 4 years in college?
How was Tejasvita’s college experience? I'm going to join a law school this year, what advice would she like to give to me?
Which good colleges in Karnataka have a single room hostel facility?
Should I go for Green River Community College, Bellevue Community College, or Shoreline Community College for a computer science major?
How is IIIT Kota for CSE?
Engineering/Science vs Pre-Med. Which is harder?
Are there any adverse consequences for college professors who routinely fail large portions of their classes or rarely give A's or B's?
Should I take a fall semester off and withdraw from my university entirely in the hopes of getting accepted in my transfer school(s) in the spring?
What is the best PU College in Bangalore?
Are the smartest students at Ivy League schools smarter than average engineering students at top state schools or about the same?
Do college professors ever take a special interest in a student? Do they ever just want to sit down & have regular conversations with them?
I am 19. I got detained from college due to short attendance. I know I am not made for college. What should I do now?
Do I absolutely have to take more than 3 years of Spanish?
What are your best moments in your freshman year?
What are the eligibilities needed to join MVSR college through donation?
How can I find my passion if I have been a college student for three years?
What is the ideal number of roommates for college?
Can I take TC from B.Sc in college without joining a new college that year?
Why is the cutoff at Fergusson College so low for B.Sc compared to DU colleges?
Is there any chance of directly getting into a university or a college abroad without the help of an education consultancy?
Why do college fests have ramp walk on their cultural night?
Which is the best study abroad consultancy in Bangalore?
Can I take prerequisite med courses at two-year Community College, by majoring in psych, then transfer and get a psych bachelor’s at a 4-year college and apply to med school?
How do I talk to my professor about a strangely stagnant participation grade?
What bike should I go for as a college student and a teenager?
What should I study in a university if I want to build smartphones?
Should I stay in college even though I failed 2 classes my first (this) semester?
What is your review of California State Polytechnic University, Pomona?
Which test should Indians opt for, to study abroad?
What is the difference between doing a B.Tech from colleges like Amity (18 lakhs) and other private colleges (4 to 6 lakhs), in the long run?
Should I do a one-year MBA program at LSU Shreveport during my gap year between undergrad and law school?
How I can change my college after first year engineering in SPPU?
How can I study for my bachelor’s degree abroad for one semester and come back again to my main university?
What should we do if we are confused between choosing two majors in college?
Is it possible to take a road trip for a gap year?
Which is the best position that students will get a good mark in college classrooms?
If all colleges and schools have the same syllabus, why do some schools have good names, and why do others have bad names? On what basis do you decide what is a good school or college?
What is the best hostel to stay at in Zurich for a college-aged student?
If you have a college degree, are you smart?
What is the college life at SRM for a CSE student?
How can I deal with a faculty member who has been continuously failing me in one subject for the last 3 years just because I didn’t do the favours he asked for?
How do I have a meaningful college life?
How is the Computer Science undergraduate program at Duquesne University?
What is the most interesting thing that you experienced in your school or college days?
Is it better to do an internship abroad or in your own country?
Is it better to stay in hostel or home while doing engineering?
Is it easier to get into a top college with certain majors?
Which is better between SRM and GITAM?
How do I sign up for college?
How do you pay for college without scholarships?
How do you enjoy your college time daily apart from studies?
Has someone paid the fees to Digital Profit Course? Can someone share his/her user experience after joining this course? As most of the people claiming it to be fake have not paid any amount to join.
What is the best college for active duty Navy personnel to major in accounting?
Are data structures and algorithms taught in the CCE course at MIT Manipal?
Are there any successful stories of CSE graduates from VIT Vellore?
Which WBJEE college has zero attendance?
Why do different colleges have different credit systems? Does it matter?
Can I go outside of a Brilliant Pala hostel to a nearby town on a holiday?
Is it normal for a professor to ask a student for drinks?
How can I find the GPA for studying abroad?
Did you let your kid study at the same school/college where you had studied? If so, what did you like, and if not, what did you dislike?
Can you give a suggestion for a daily routine for a student who has to go to college at 8:30 am and the student cannot return home before 6pm?
I didn't take my freshman year so seriously. I do know I'm capable and was always a Straight-A student. Can I redeem myself in sophomore year?
Is it possible to migrate from one medical college to another college abroad by MCI rules and regulation?
Are internships so necessary in an undergraduate's life?
Can I change my stream by changing colleges after my first year in India?
What’s the average debt of college graduates?
How much money should one take abroad for study purposes?
How can we experience college life at its best?
What happens if I passed all my classes my first semester in college but end up failing almost half of my classes my second semester in college?
What should a student with backlogs in college and a high profile do if he/she doesn't get a job? Should he/she apply for the next university?
Is a 90% first-year average at York University sufficient for transfer to UWO?
How is the student life in Berlin?
If the typical stereotypes from the top 10 American universities (via the U.S. World News and World Report) had a conversation, what would it sound like?
Can you brag something about yourself or anything about college, etc.?
What are the advantages of studying abroad and doing part-time jobs there rather than studying here?
How would the road taken by a Chemistry UG from a more or less renowned university in India look so that he can end up studying abroad?
Does MADE EASY have a hostel facility?
What can an undergraduate do to make it into Cambridge?
I really can't decide on a college major. What do I do?
What is it like to study Physics at the University of Cambridge as a female? Have you ever faced sexism?
What does it feel like to attend class while on cannabis?
Should I go to college or prepare for NEET at home?
Is it too late to start college at 24?
What is Kumaun University like?
How do I earn money in college life?
Can an electrical undergrad work on CNN?
Can I go abroad now, if I completed my 10th in 2013?
How was your dorm experience at UC Riverside?
What tips can you give for living alone at an off-campus dorm for college?
How does a first year university student learn to be responsible with time?
What are some examples of useful college degrees?
What should I do to complain about junior colleges in AP that are not giving holidays and are forcing students to attend the college?
How do we get back the feelings of our college days?
How do I decide which semester I should go for at RMIT?
Can I do two majors (accounting and financial mathematics) at Baruch College?
Why do pre-med admissions have to be so number-based?
What are my options for higher studies in abroad after completing my MBA from India?
What mobile should I take to college?
For those who have stayed up working for deadlines in college and are now working, do you think it was worth it?
Who are the most intense people at Princeton?
How hard is it to change branch in NITK?
One of my friends here at college decided to room together months ago but now were not as close. Do you think rooming is still a good idea?
What should I expect in college?
Does taking AP biology a year early serve any purpose?
Does Amity University Mumbai take students anywhere to study abroad for 12 days as per mentioned in their syllabus on their website?
What is life at Sabanci like for international students?
How difficult is pharmacy college? Has anyone dropped out because of its difficultly?
Is Vijaya Ratna Junior College, Hyderabad a good one?
What might you have missed the most if you had joined another college?
Is SRM a project oriented college or theory oriented college?
What can be the disadvantage of leaving a hostel and shifting to a flat with college friends?
Is Thangavelu Engineering College the best or not?
How do I start a film discussion or game club in college? How do I make it unique, and what should I name it?
How can someone who didn't get plays in high school get a college offer?
Should I study in a college affiliated to Westcliff University?
How can you spend your college holidays wisely during a school assembly?
What would change if you went to a different college instead of the one you originally went to?
What are your views of Prime Academy, Pune?
What's the best advice for a college kid going into his final year of college?
How is ragging at SRM?
How do I maximize my remaining time in college?
What are the fees per semester for the study abroad program at MIT?
Will dual enrollment increase my chances of getting into a good college?
What was Carolyn Bessette like in college?
How can I improve my personality as a university student?
Why should student move out of college dorms every summer?
What is the life of an American student?
Which country is the best for education abroad?
Do you need a phone number to go to college?
Which should one choose, PES South Campus CSE or BMSCE ISE?
How does the fact that I left home early and moved away for better education opportunities influence my college application?
Which is the best degree college in Mumbai and the best in Bangalore considering student life and exposure?
Which one is a better choice for my situation? Keep working or go to college.
What did you do the summer after your freshman year in college?
What are the key strategies to pursue startup dreams/side projects as a college student? What advice can you give to a college student?
At what point does standing up for someone become meddling in someone else’s business? What are the conditions that differentiate the two?
How do I live in a youth hostel?
Does the college for studying engineering really matter?
What can I do if my college refuses to give a (TC) transfer certificate after first year? I am from Mumbai University.
What is it like studying at Columbia University? How are the professors? How is the grading scheme? How are the examinations?
How do people who are popular in high school fair in college? Will they lose social momentum or always be on top?
Can I study in the next semester, in case I fail with an F grade in the previous semester, in an Indian engineering college?
What stops American students from committing suicide for not making it into an Ivy League/top college, unlike in India, where it's everyday news?
What happens if I fail in my college semester?
Which organizations can I attend as a university student to increase my network while making the most out of 20s in addition to other activities?
What are the steps for doing an M.B.A. from an Ivy League university?
Is it too late to apply for colleges abroad (SAT, Indian student)?
How much money does an MBA graduate from an Ivy League school make over a lifetime?
Is College Fuck Fest real or staged?
A hostel warden is backing the seniors in ragging. How do we counter this?
What can I do to become a lawyer in community college and what do I need to major in (I'm currently a business major)?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
Are there any entrance exams that are conducted to study abroad after MBA?
Can someone with an Urdu education board class 12 pass certificate study for a BBA in any university?
What should I study at college?
Where are you going to college?
After ragging, should we not terminate the assignment submission rituals at the Indian Engineering colleges?
Which degree impresses you the most, in order- Maths, Physics, Theoretical Physics, or Astrophysics?
Why is an Ivy League degree so valuable?
Is Davidson College a party school?
How is life at Sri Sri University different from the other colleges?
Has anyone studied abroad after taking the GCE O Levels? When and where did you go, and how is it, so far?
Where do financially successful people go to have fun?
Should community college professors teach to the majority or minority?
What is the Yale graduate student hunger strike about?
What can I not miss in my first year at Michigan?
Should I go back to college to get my bachelor’s degree after volunteering in the Peace Corps?
How good is Jadavpur University for engineering?
What is the best intermediate college for MPC boys with hostel facility in Hyderabad?
I just moved from a top-ranking high school, to an average one. How can I prove to colleges that I am not slacking off?
What should your priorities be after college?
How are the hostel facilities at SSNCE, Chennai?
What is it like to study mechanical engineering in Europe?
How I can change my college after first year engineering in SPPU?
Is there any scope for MBBS in abroad after high school?after 12th?
So, I've got mostly C's and a couple B's on my sophomore year, and I don't plan on going directly into a 4 year college, will I be OK in the future?
Which is the best position that students will get a good mark in college classrooms?
What would the pros and cons be of attending NYU Abu Dhabi vs. other top universities like Harvard, MIT, or Oxford?
What is the best hostel to stay at in Zurich for a college-aged student?
Is student life all about your marks?
Would it be better to finish college before joining the US Air Force, or join a little over half way through college and finish my degree afterwards?
What are the effects of going to college?
What are some tips for succeeding in first year of university?
What percentile is a GPA of 2.56 in college?
How many companies in BMSCE or RVCE Bangalore ask for a minimum 10th and 12th percentages during recruitments?
How do I have a meaningful college life?
Should I get admission in a BCA in GLA University, Mathura? What is its hostel like for girls and what are the charges and facilities, too?
How does it feel to study abroad alone?
Do you study religion in school or in college?
Does going to college for more than 4 years hurt your prospects for work/graduate school?
I’ve heard that colleges in Delhi often see cases of ragging of freshers. Is it true?
What should college students do if they have fallen into a state of depression?
What is the difference between undergraduate and college technology studies in Japan?
How can I become more academically competent in high school to get into a good college?
What are the latest fads on college campuses?
Is it difficult to get 90% in the first year of engineering college?
Can we go for a branch change after the first year in Nirma University?
Is there evidence that colleges should rescind people for bad grades as seniors?
How do I sign up for college?
Is it better to study abroad after completing intermediate?
What is the funniest thing you thought in your college days?
Should I attend UCSD or UCLA?
What is your college biology class like?
What's the goal after graduating from college/university?
What are some things I should know as an American student going to university in Sweden this fall?
How is it to study at Amsterdam University College?
What is the best college for active duty Navy personnel to major in accounting?
Are polytechnic college professors transferred?
What is the perfect timetable for a BITSian so as to get the best experience of her or his college life?
Should I drop out of college to do business?
Are there any successful stories of CSE graduates from VIT Vellore?
Why do university professors explain easy question on assignment but give us hard and tricky questions on tests?
What are my chances of getting into the College of William & Mary?
What should I do, if I can not do well in my major during college?
Can I go to an Ivy League school with all Cs, 5 suspensions, and 15 detentions in college and high school?
What excuse should I use if I don’t attend a college course?
What are the happiest moments in your college life?
Can I go outside of a Brilliant Pala hostel to a nearby town on a holiday?
What is the biggest difference in college/university education between China and America?
What advice would a Princeton graduate give to an incoming freshman at Princeton?
Should I turn down Princeton for UChicago for physics and economics?
Do college admissions judge you if you take a free period senior year?
How can I find the GPA for studying abroad?
How much of an advantage is coming out of college debt free?
Should I take a drop for study abroad in the world’s top university for engineering (undergrad)?
How do engineers from Jadavpur University deal with themselves when they don't get campus placement?
Is it haram not to share notes and educational videos with your classmates in college in order to get a scholarship and be the first one?
How is the ragging scenario and the hostel facilities at VIMS?
If you're an astronomer, what college courses did you have to take?
What do Ivy League schools look for in future students?
How much should a college advisor charge?
What is the most clever life hack you've learned in your student life?
Do/Did you have some awesome and chilled-out roommates in college? What are they doing now?
What type of hostel room should I choose in KIIT?
Does Sathyabama have a good college life?
How did you figure out that you were at the wrong school at college?
I started slacking on my work in my research laboratory, and I believe my PI now hates me. How can I improve things going forward?
How much money should one take abroad for study purposes?
Which dorm halls should I choose for Imperial College?
What is campus life like in IIT Indore?
Will I get IT at SRM with an 8,000 rank in category A?
What are the things to be taken to the SASTRA hostel?
What would be the best way to prepare myself for elite grad schools?
For those of you who have attended an online college or university, what influenced your decision to enroll online instead of on-campus?
Is it bad if I am not in a high school club but do other extracurricular activities that I enjoy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of college drop out?
How can an Indian college student make money for an additional certificate course when his parents refuse to pay?
Can you brag something about yourself or anything about college, etc.?
How did you get accepted into the University of British Columbia, Canada, as an international student? Can you tell us the course, your profile and other details?
Which is the worst degree college in Mumbai​?
What is the procedure for changing a college branch in Canada?
Which is better, JU or NIT DGP?
What are the best ivy-league institutes in US?
What happens if I fail a semester of my online language class?
At Australia University, prices are going up and we no longer get 10% off. We must pay when we reach $42K. Do they not want us to go to university?
What is the dumbest thing you've heard a fellow college student say?
How can I change my college after first year in SPPU?
Why do I feel conflicted about not leaving home for college?
Should a person who does not like parties (too much alcohol etc.) participate in an Erasmus exchange program? Will it cause any problems?
Is it possible for an average engineering student to work after college without a considerable decrease in his academic performance?
How good is Amrita University?
Which matters more, the college or the branch?
In counselling at any college, do I have to pay the fee first and then select my desired course?
What colleges can I apply for as an International student from India?
Why do you think that MIT has far fewer followers than Harvard and Stanford on Quora but is the subject of more questions?
How long should I wait for the college decisions?
Why do people who are making good money in Nepal leave their profession, go abroad and settle over there?
Can I double major after community college?
What is your craziest Club Weldon experience at Western University?
Have college professors inspired students to go ahead and make great scientific successes?
Why do students go to Starbucks to study instead of studying at home?
What is the procedure to change colleges at RGPV University?
Do Indian students studying in America send their boards marksheet to the college by post?
Is Vijaya Ratna Junior College, Hyderabad a good one?
What's the best advice for a college kid going into his final year of college?
Are there community colleges in South Korea?
What are the best laundry hacks for university?
What could be the options for JEE rank 128000 OBC NCL?
How do I fully and deeply understand the concepts better in university classes?
Can I get admission into a good college in Pune University for 2nd year if I get SCGPA 8.68 in first year engineering?
How do I maximize my remaining time in college?
What if a student in college gets a backlog and want to get in top Ivy League colleges? Will he/she be get recruited and given the scholarship?
Is it okay to take a gap year after completing an MSc course, and apply for a PhD next year (abroad/India), or is this a bad idea to even consider?
Will dual enrollment increase my chances of getting into a good college?
Is there ragging in the IITs?
What are the top things I should do in high school to get into a prestigious college, be successful, and get the most out of my high school experience?
Is it possible to go abroad for masters in CS from SRM?
Is there counseling for college drop outs?
Did anyone hate university/college?
What’s it like to study computer science at USICT Delhi? What are some hostel rules?
Which are the best non integrated PU college in Bangalore?
As a student, where'd you prefer to live: a university campus, by yourself, or in shared rooms?
What is the fraternity and sorority life like?
What is the procedure to change the college branch in Canada?
What website works the best to put up college projects?
Are there cultural fests at IISc?
How can I make money to pay for my study at university?
What did you do the summer after your freshman year in college?
What's it like studying for an MSc in GGD at Oxford?
What can you do to leverage if a college professor calls a disabled student stupid?
How can I enjoy my college life if I stay with my parents in Noida?
What are the things to take when you are entering a hostel?
College is not for me. How do I move on?
Why don't Indian universities or colleges teach the students about the practical approach of the problem?
How do people who are popular in high school fair in college? Will they lose social momentum or always be on top?
What could an undergrad student from a state college do in order to achieve a foreign internship?
How good do you think is Sharada Vidya Mandir PU College, Mysore?
Is there ragging at BBDNITM?
Should you go to university even if it won't further your career?
How can I feel less lonely in college?
How long did it take you to pay off student loans? What is your best advice?
How does the electoral college work or not work?
What are the steps for doing an M.B.A. from an Ivy League university?
Students from what countries are most likely to go abroad for their undergrad degrees?
How do I make friends in college and in society?
Where are you going to college?
Is a hostel facility available for PG students at IISC?
How does a college/university student look for alternatives to popular perspectives in any particular subject and topic?
Why am I so bad at English when my native language is English?
How is the life of student studying in IITs?
How are undergraduate freshmen assigned dorms at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign? Do we get our first preference?
Has anyone studied abroad after taking the GCE O Levels? When and where did you go, and how is it, so far?
Which is better, SCET or Bhagwan Mahavir College?
Which is best overall among the University of Michigan, the University of Texas at Austin, and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign?
Did you have sex in the AIIMS hostel?
Is a Vostro 5568 good for student use?
Which are the worst colleges in India with the most horrible people?
Is Global Business School Barcelona good?
What are the benefits of a gap year?
Is there any laundry facility in the Sastra girls’ hostel?
How do I create a speech about college life?
What should I go to college for to open up a deli or restaurant? I feel I already know the cooking side, so I'm not interested in culinary school, but what about the business and operation part of it?
How were the placements in BMSCE for a CSE in 2016-17? What were the packages offered? Is it worth joining for a North Indian?
Should I attend UCLA or UCSD for Cognitive Science?
Should I apply to Ivy League and other universities?
Is it true that you will limit your opportunities in life if you don't go to college?
Is it a good idea to sort all YouTube URLs according to the syllabuses of prestigious colleges for someone who can’t afford to attend one of them?
What are the safest/overall best Ivy League schools?
What are the facilities available at SSM College of Engineering, Komarapalayam?
Why don't the Ivy League schools conduct Oxbridge-style interviews?
Is Pace University good for an undergraduate degree in CIS?
Is the NASM a private or public college?
At a US University, is it better to stay at hostels or outside and why?
What is better, going to a good college in the current year or taking a drop and aiming for an excellent college?
Do I consider myself as a bad engineering student if I don't remember what I studied last semester?
Are Indonesians considered to be URMs in college applications?
What was your biggest wake up call when transitioning to college?
Is it easy to study abroad?
How prevalent is Greek life at USC?
How many hours per week is good for a computer science student to study at the undergraduate level?
Why do so many students from Asia study at American universities?
Should I transfer to UC Berkeley or UCLA for Linguistics?
I am VERY interested in science/MEDICINE. What can I do to stand out in the application pool for elite/ivy league colleges?
Can B-grade students go to college?
How is biotechnology at SASTRA?
Does the time spent working in industry after college affect ones' ability to be accepted to a top grad school a few years after graduating with a BS? How many years is too many before going back to grad school + taking GRE (computer science)?
What if I lie by saying that I was not at another university when transferring?
Should I graduate college in the summer or wait until December?
What are the best hostels in Lucknow for students with conducive environment to study?
Is it better to be ok at a top college or amazing at an ok college?
Can I change my college after first year of pharmacy and continue my second year?
How many high school graduates would need to boycott colleges in a single year to bring down the price of college in the US appreciably?
What is the real benefit of a university experience?
What is the best financial investment that a college student can do, other than their investment in education?
Do high marks and a college degree guarantee success? Is studying vigorously the only path? What is necessary for a comfortable life?
Will attending the first two years of college at a community college hinder my chances of being admitted to medical school?
How is life during MIT versus life after MIT?
Are university rooms cheaper in Germany?
Why do so many people in college, who are supposed to be humble learners, lack wisdom?
What is the average percentage of girls having affairs in Indian engineering colleges?
Can I change from first year BCA to second year BA?
What advice would UC Berkeley alumni give to incoming freshmen?
Are bikes allowed at VNIT for hostel students?
How is Dahanukar College for studying CA with less attendance?
Is KIIT the best college?
Can I get into an Ivy League medical school from a small school?
Can I drop out of class at a community college, being a high school student on dual enrollment?
What are the causes of leaving engineering, in the first year, at Pune University?
How do you personally study?
What is a telly transfer credit?
How do college students manage to both study and hold a part time job?
Which colleges in Mumbai can take me in second year for BBA?
What is a good physics/astrophysics college that can allow me to go to a good grad school after?
What chapters should I study so that I don’t face any problems when studying chemical bonding?
Which is the best way in 11th to spend my days, a scholar’s college or a hostel?
What is NIMS college like for a BBA?
As a college/university professor, have you ever slept with a student in exchange for a better grade? What was the experience like?
What was your worst year in college and why?
How do I know what sector/branch of I.T. education I should study in college?
How do I get into an Ivy League college after studying for the IGCSE?
If college is not necessary to become successful in life, why does society put so much pressure on graduating?
In 2 years I will have 80-100k and I want to go to college just to learn, not to get a new job, is this a bad idea?
I already have 2 actuarial exams done, should I finish college in 2 years and go work?
How good is Crescent University?
What are good transfer universities?
What is something important that made you stand out on your university application?
What are the differences between Engineering in India and Engineering abroad?
What is the cost of an undergraduate degree abroad (in the US and other nations) with and without a scholarship?
Is it a common occurrence for people to pursue graduate studies in a field if they only have some idea of an area of focus? Is it a mistake?
Is there a place I can go that will not let me leave or do anything until I finish my homework?
Should I drop out of college when I have a good job and an anxiety problem?
Do you think schools should be like colleges and universities?
How does one convey respect to others if one comes from the Ivy League?
Is an Ivy League education worth it?
Is it common in your country for parents to worry about and plan your future, like your profession, even your marriage when you are in college?
Why are major conservatives being silenced at universities?
What are some of the best corporate college campus engagement programs in India?
How do I write a speech about college life?
Can I transfer to another University without transcript?
Has Pope Francis's seen his siblings since he became the Pope?
Do people still hang out with friends from college after college?
What is it like to study an undergraduate course at DU?
Why is HS and college football in the US such a big deal that students are actually recruited?
Which are the facilities offered for foreign students to continue their studies in the UK?
Can you give some advice for a student athlete that is heading to college?
Is UCLA a good place for someone who wants to pursue CS (especially machine learning) rigorously?
With the increasing inconvenience due to university mishaps, improper checking careers of many students are at a downfall. How do we tackle that?
What should I do when my mom comes to know that I have a boyfriend and that I have bad grades in college?
Does college street remain open on may day?
Is ragging prevalent in IFIM Bangalore?
Are colleges open during the summer?
What is the GHC conference, and how do you register for it as a student?
Every time I drink alcohol, I feel sad the next day. Why is this? Is there any way to prevent it?
Is attending college or university a necessity to become a journalist?
Is there a considerable amount of difference in prestige between UVA and Georgetown?
What internships are preferred for Civil to get into Ivy League colleges?
What are the best things you should do in the final year of your college life?
What are the benefits that you gained from living abroad?
Is it possible to get into an Ivy League college with a CGPA of 8.00?
Which is the best college for a BCA in Amravati?
If I get rescinded from an Ivy League university, will other Ivies (or selective universities) know this when I apply to them after a year?
What do I need to get to an American or British college?
What is the cutoff for diploma students at NM College?
What are the problems in college life?
How are girls’ hostels at the MS Ramaiah Medical College, Bangalore? Can I book an NRI hostel as a general category student, or can I stay outside?
Where do overseas students live in Reading, England?
Why is the University of Westminster said to have a bad repute (never recommended), except for the journalism and media studies?
How will the rise of the low-income but college-educated shape the political landscape?
When are the frat parties at UC Berkeley?
Are there any international students at Deep Springs College?
What are your fondest college memories?
Is it a good idea to take a gap year, and go to engineering school after?
Why is it mandatory in the IITs, the NITs and other government institutes for the students to stay in hostels?
Have any students from BMS College of Engineering gotten selected for higher studies at Ivy Leagues universities?
What is the future of a college dropout by choice?
How do you deal with the uncertainty pertaining to succeeding in a community college?
How hard or rigorous is the academia at Duke University?
What college may I expect with JEE Main marks of 145?
Is it necessary to drop college for CLAT?
Is it worth going to UC Berkeley? I am a college student in Chicago and undecided to move to California as a transfer student or stay here in Chicago.
Why are some people bad at academics but they get into good colleges?
Can I change my major before classes start as a freshman at the CPP?
What are some downsides of being an IE major?
What do you think are the reasons you were accepted at Amherst College?
What are the hottest college majors in this era?
Is a hostel a must for MBBS?
What should I do if I leave college?
Is it possible that I do my BA from a different college and LLB from another college?
What are my chances to attend Cornell University or Carnegie Mellon University?
What are the worst pharmacy colleges in India? What are detailed reasons for your worst experiences?
Is it correct to suspend college students​ (ages 18 and up) if they were 'caught' kissing in the college campus?
Is LPU a drug addicts’ college?
What extracurricular activities I can do to help me when applying for a sociology major in college?
Are there any nightclubs close to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign?
What can you say about the so-called 'haveli' of Aryabhatta hostels for boys at Delhi Technological University? What really happens there?
How do Ivy League graduates pay for graduate school?
What is the best place to study abroad after engineering in the current scenario?
Why should one attend UNC?
When does admissions and hostel allotments start in LPU?
What would happen to the students of a medical college if the college had been disapproved by the MCI?
What kind of students do they want for mext scholarship, I mean what kind student do they want?
Is Fergusson better than Shahu college Latur for junior college?
Who is the biggest nerd you met at MIT?
Do I have no chance of entering a US university/college if I'm cramming all of my planned extracurriculars into the last year before my application?
Why is maths 3 so hard in Mumbai University?
Does the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign have its own medical school on campus?
Should I do my gap year?
What difficulties will an Indian face if he decides to study abroad?
Where do Arts and Humanities students go out in Moscow and St. Petersburg?
What are the activities that will help build a resume for colleges abroad?
What happens at Instruo, the technical fest of IIEST?
Is it worthwhile going to an average university like UNCC for an MS in Embedded? What are my chances of going for a PhD at a top college if I go to UNCC?
I want to study accounting in college/uni but I don't know how college/uni works. Which one is "better"?
Who is Chacha of the Aryabhatta hostel of DTU?
How is SCSVMV for placements? How good is the Computer Science department there?
What can I do to improve my college selfie?
What is pre-med like at Fordham University?
What stuff should I take with me to live in Christ University Kengeri hostel? Is there any store/mall nearby? I'm pretty tensed.
How important is it to go to an elite university if you're willing to get what you want or die trying?
When is the latest date possible for a college (in my case: UChicago) to accept a waitlisted student?
How many semesters are there for BTech?
What are the advantages of being a student of economics?
If you drop out of high school and come back the following school year, will you be a part of your graduating class? Or would you be held back a year?
Where should I go if college isn't an option anymore?
How should I let colleges know that I will not be attending?
What is the quality of engineering colleges in Shivaji University?
Can I get a loan to study abroad for a one year diploma program?
Is Washington University in St. Louis anything like Johns Hopkins?
Which exam should we write to study in Stanford University?
How powerful is the Ivy League?
A college accepted me, but I don't want to go there anymore. How should I tell them?
Do you have to drop out of college to become an entrepreneur?
What are the timings for nursing colleges in Hyderabad?
How's MSc Social Development Practice in UCL?
Can I get into Ivy league for PhD with gap years between school and undergraduation?
Has anyone ever attended ECPI university for nursing?
How does the University of Toronto compare to Ivy League universities?
What would be your 5 reasons to drop out of engineering?
Can my college legally deny me my transcript?
Parents in the USA save for their children's college as early as possible. How can an adult foreigner who would like to study in the US finance this?
What is a good thing about FGIET?
Who are some of the good sponsors for the Regional College Tech Fest?
How much does it cost to study financial engineering abroad?
Which is the best college for 80% secure students in Odisha?
Is it necessary that only toppers, not average students, top the ISC?
Can your intelligence rapidly increase between primary school years and high school?
What is life like at Northeastern University for an Indian student?
Of all the Ivy League colleges, which has the most beautiful campus?
How are the degrees at Alva’s College?
Is the NICMAR hostel much with rules?
Why am I told to study what I like in college even if it's impractical?
Can I change my course after 1st year in PES University if I have joined through KCET?
How is DSK International Campus?
Can I still get into a CalState college even with a D in Spanish?
Will there be a problem going abroad for a master’s after going to Mukesh Patel School of Technology Management and Engineering either for MTech or MBA?
A college does not allow students living on campus to enter or exit the campus after 10:30 P.M. Faculty face no such restrictions. Is this legal?
What does it mean by "black room" at IIT and other colleges' hostels?
Should my main factor in picking a college be social life?
How are colleges assigned through NET?
What class should I take next year as a rising senior aiming to get into an Ivy League? I am an aspiring doctor hoping to get into Brown's PLME program.
What is the life of a college student like in Japan?
Should I attend Brown University or Swarthmore College?
Quite a lot of people are against religion (Abrahamic ones especially) or do not care about it anymore. Will major monotheistic religions die soon?
What are the best websites for universities students who want to study better?
How can I attend WEF?
Was life more fun without the smartphone and computer technology we have today?
What's the hostel life like in IIM Ahmedabad?
How can we ask for more need-based financial aid to go to college?
Why are people worried about the huge endowments of Ivy League schools?
Is it possible to do Internet memes or jokes about genetics, science, studying, taking exams, college life, etc.?
In college, what did you do whenever you faced a really tough assignment?
How is the campus life in IIT Indore?
Which Ivy League school has the best applied sciences program?
Has anyone attended Sturm College of Law?
How can I write an essay about violence? Any ideas?
How can we create awareness among high school/college students about the world market demands and the opportunities available when they step out?
How do I find a list of students from a particular college?
Which is better, SVCE or RMK?
Why do Indians study and not follow what they have studied?
Does college really matter for being a successful person?
How do I contact JMI college?
What is the coolest thing you have done at the Institute of Technology, Nirma University?
If you’re an international student who is studying abroad, are you allowed to work on movie productions?
What is the procedure for getting a hostel in the 1st year at TISS Mumbai?
Would getting Cs my freshman and sophomore years of high school hurt my chances of getting into a university?
What is it like to be a grad student at Columbia University?
Can we change our second language in the second year of our PUC?
How good is BGS PU College in Mysore?
In India, for a student who studies in college (under another university), if his college becomes a university, then from which university will he get a degree?
What is the worst engineering college at Shivaji University? Why?
What are some crazy stories from student life at IIT?
My family forces me to choose accountancy as my college major while I want to choose communication studies, what should I do?
What is the worst that can happen if you get admitted and go to the wrong college for you?
How is the lifestyle at IISc?
How does a community college student transfer to Yale University?
I got a 4 lakh rank in the JEE Mains. Is there something I can do now?
What if I do CA with college?
What do Indian college students wear?
What is the best college for me?
Which college should I choose, LJ/Silver Oak/Sal?
What is a good backup plan for someone who wants to be successful in life, but has a backlog in college and is never able to clear it?
Must I reapply to MSBTE if I take a one-year gap?
What is the political atmosphere like at Emory University and Oxford College?
If a student is interested in an activity but he doesn't get an opportunity to participate, what will happen to the student?
A student is studying in college which is under a university. After some time, his college becomes a university. From which university will he get his degree?
Why did you choose Christ College?
What kind of person am I if I don't really find the need to check up on people even close family, when they travel or I go to college and such?
How do college students balance school and work?
Why are there schools and colleges presently?
Should a beginner IT student join CodeChef?
What is your review of iXperience?
Can my father’s limited company in India sponsor my undergraduate studies abroad? If so, how?
Why aren’t people studying medicine abroad able to pass the MCI test?
Are Ivy League colleges harder to graduate from?
Can I do one year of engineering at a college and then quit the next year?
Would you rather go to a college and get a really good education and have no fun, or go to a good college and get a solid education and have fun?
Is McGill a good university? Is it comparable to Ivy League schools?
Can you give me some advice for college? I will be going in 2018.
I can understand pretty much every concept thrown at me, but why did I never do well on exams?
Imagine if I am a founder of a multimillion dollar startup or company, can I hide the fact that I dropped out of my college?
How do I get college funds from the military without ROTC?
Should I choose CCS UC Santa Barbara with debt or UC Berkeley debt free, for an undergraduate degree in physics?
Can a college management deduct marks of the students who have not paid their respective contribution for the college's annual function?
What are some good online high schools/colleges for courses that are equivalent to AP Phys 1/2 and Japanese 1?
How much scholarship is given in IIT colleges?
What is 9 transferable college credits? What is it in CGPA?
Will SRM provide funding for a PG who is going abroad?
What is your experience in studying MBBS abroad. Which place did you choose, and why?
How are the non-AC rooms in the girls’ hostel at KIIT University?
What advice would you give to someone who just got expelled from college for disciplinary reasons?
Should I retake Calculus 3 in an online school/college to have it count for college credit? I already finished the course in school (8th Grade).
How good or bad is Mahesh PU college in Mysore?
How good is Canning College in Australia?
Is an MDS from an average college better than an MHA from a reputed college?
What’s the best job where you don't need things like degrees from college?
Can testing courses be done abroad?
I have $1200 and I want to leave on Wednesday. Where should I go if I just finished college (flying out from JFK)?
What is something about your college that you really really love, which is specific to your school?
How good is Gopalswamy PU College, Mysore?
Which life was most enjoyable and that you remember all the time, college or school?
How do I approach a guy around the age of 19 in my college class?
Where can I find pictures of the JIPMER campus and hostel?
How do you join a fraternity like Kappa Alpha Psi? They say you are not supposed to ask to join. How does this work?
What are your reviews of Genius PU College, Mysore?
How much does it cost to buy a seat in GITAMS?
Should I do PhD if one of the reasons is to get the right to live abroad?
How important is it to send your kids to college?
How hard would it be for a Yale undergraduate student to transfer to Columbia or Harvard? (I just can't live in New Haven anymore)
How is the hostel life at IITD for girls?
What is the best topic for an article for a college magazine?
What are designers like in college?
Are there hostels for girls?
Is BESC a good college?
How do some students study 50 hours a week?
How can you go to a great college and graduate debt-free?
What is Baahubali 2 1st Day Collection?
What is your review of Asian College of Journalism, Chennai?
What is the dormitory like at LPU for engineering?
How do I stay connected with Bishop's University after my study abroad program ends?
Is MSRIT ragging free?
How do I graduate with General/Latin honors in Brooklyn College?
How do I get my roommates to help clean the bathroom?
What was it like to study at Oxford University as an American?
Can a bio group student apply to Shoolini University?
What are the most easiest ways to go abroad for study purposes?
What are some safe options of affordable living in Bangalore if my college does not have any hostel for females?
What should I do in life if I fail in college?
What is a day like in MNLU Mumbai?
What do teachers think about other teachers in your school?
How do professors view cold emails asking for research opportunities?
What's it like to be a student at Rhodes College?
Which suburb near Columbia University has the most affordable housing and good public schools?
How do I survive a medical college girl's hostel?
How do you figure out if you can squeeze out more time for more stuff?
What should be my next steps after graduating from college?
What are the benefits of doing SAP (Semester abroad programme)?
How hard is Northwestern University?
What should I answer to college interviewers?
What amount is needed for mechanical engineering colleges?
What should I focus on during my 2nd summer of college?
Has anyone attended Millar College in Canada? If so, how is it over there?
What is the best college for studying xenoarchaeology?
Why do people attend military high schools or colleges?
Is joining the army before going to university beneficial?
What is the best college in Punjab for CSE with direct admission?
What is it like studying abroad in Russia?
Should I leave college or continue studying IT? (IT without university is useless—not much of a salary—but I don’t like studying my whole life.)
Which college is better for Environmental Studies: Langara College or Douglas College?
I have completed my BA degree under Panjab University, Chandigarh, India. I want to study law abroad. What is the procedure?
Which is the better college, BVRIT or KMIT?
What makes students study for an MBBS abroad?
What are some private girls hostel near UPES Kandholi campus?
How good is Sankalpa PU College, Mysore?
Which Indian college has a more rewarding experience?
Do anyone tell me about college life, studies, and social circles in Mody University, Laxmangarh?
How would one define a good college?
What do you like/dislike about your college major?
Should I choose on-campus housing or off-campus housing for graduation in the University of Toronto?
Did I grade my peers too easily on their presentations or did they grade harder on me?
Is the graduate aerospace program intense?
What is it like to study electrical engineering at King's College London? (KCL)
What is the best way to study for the UPSC in the first year of engineering? What would be the best college?
Can I study abroad with 9.7 in 10th and 92 percent in intermediate?
How many students from abroad are studying religious science in India?
What is better in terms of job opportunities and salaries, the MISM BIDA at Carnegie Mellon University or the MEng in ORIE at Cornell Tech?
How is life for BBA students at MUJ?
Are there any significant differences between the CS students from top colleges and those from average colleges?
Can a freshers organise a freshers party by themselves?
How do American students apply for college?
Will an IQ of 112 prevent me from graduating from college and making a comfortable living?
What are some trans-friendly colleges?
Is it illegal to offer jobs to students in college campuses?
What are the basic thing to be considered to go abroad to study MS?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of going to the gym before going to college?
I failed pursuing my degree in a community college by failing 2 quarters in a row. What are my options now? Will other colleges still accept me?
Do prospective employers differentiate amongst each of the five Claremont colleges, or do they largely see attendance at one equal as to another?
Is a UPTU college better than SLIET?
Who pays for college speeches?
How do I ace the viva voce session?
It's my junior year. What can I do now to help me with college admissions?
What is it like to attend the University of Wisconsin - Madison as an undergraduate?
How do I make the right subject choices in college?
Is it necessary to have a permanent friend group or circle in school or college life?
Which college in Oxford has the best accommodation?
What can be the expected topic and tips for the extempore to be held for the shortlisting of school Head Boy?
What does counselling for colleges mean?
In what cases should a student not get a summer job?
What if I make the wrong college choice? I can’t go back on it because the scholarships go away.
Can I file a case against my college for not giving my certificates back?
Should I study a semester abroad even if it means that I have to study a year longer minimum?
What is Wooster College really like? Would a liberal student with exceptional physics and math skills feel at home there?
Should I drop out of college to study in the USA?
Which is good, placement or hostel life?
Will I lose the scholarship I received the first year if I change my major in the second year of college?
What are some ways of getting back my interest in college work? I have depression.
Should I transfer from Villanova to Elon?
Should I choose Northwestern (Communications) or Washington University in St. Louis (Political Science)?
Should I attend Columbia or Harvey Mudd?
What is the best way to succeed as a new chemical engineering major whose strong suit isn’t math?
Who is the most dangerous teacher of PEC?
What is the meaning of "on the way to college"?
Is it OK for a Year 9 girl and a boy in his first year of college to go out?
Are all undergrads at IISc in the same class until they chose their majors?
Should I leave my B.Tech after first semester, as I don’t find it suitable for me?
What would a college without degree requirements be like?
What pen do you use for college?
What are the funniest things you assumed about college life?
How do you feel about a caretaker (legal guardian) kicking out a college student because the student doesn’t want to go to their church?
Have you ever been in a psychology class and had a moment where you thought that one of the things covered could be something you have?
Since most of the students are going for IIT, will there be seats or allotments left in the coming years?
Can a student settle abroad after completing medicine at a foreign university?
Is taking 17–19 credits the first semester of college a bad idea?
I’m a freshman ACCT major. I had a 2.54 GPA 1st semester. I’m doing better 2nd semester but probably won't meet a 3.0. How screwed am I?
If you had to do it all over again, would you choose college or getting a certification?
What is your feelings about your college?
Can I defer enrollment for a year at one school to attend another university?
How will you react when you finish college and go into the business world?
What does it mean if a college is backed up by a university?
Can you go to a good college if you come from a career center?
Would a libertarian approach to college in the U.S. reduce the cost of student loans?
I am pursuing a BCA and after this I want to study for my master’s abroad. Is there any way to study for a master’s abroad for free?
What would cause someone to choose USC over CMU computer Science?
What is the college experience?
What are some things I should know when writing a rhetorical, synthesis, & argumentative essay for an AP English Language exam?
How can I begin to be an entrepreneur at 16 to support myself through college and then after I graduate in the US or EU West?
How does it feel to study abroad in Slovenia?
If any university is debarred, then what will become of those students who were already enrolled 1 year ago?
What matters in India, the university I attend or my skill?
Is Fortis College regionally accredited?
What do relatively famous writers think about a college student giving them their contact info to collaborate?
Should I first go to Emerson College or join the Marines?
What percentage should I get on the HSC to study abroad?
Which is the best college or university for BCA?
How do I not get discouraged by other students who do so well?
Which one is better in terms of campus life, societies, pals, infrastructure and syllabus, DTU or NSIT?
Will I get into an NIT with a 13,000 OBC rank and 51,051 general rank?
How do I find a missing laptop in a hostel?
How secure is doing a BTech from the BITS Pilani Dubai campus?
What are the best cities to spend a summer in during college?
Should I go to the University of Washington or UC Santa Cruz for undergraduate computer science?
Should I go to Calpoly Pomona or UC Riverside?
Can I get a single seat room in the NSIT hostel during my 1st semester?
What would be the explanation of a perfect engineering college/university life?
Do colleges really care about high school attendence?
Is it practical to move out if I want to go to college?
Why is studying abroad so expensive?
What must one do, starting freshman year of college, to get into a good medical school, to eventually become a neurosurgeon?
I recently got waitlisted by Princeton. Does stating that I'm willing to wait for a gap year, so that I could attend next year, help my chances?
What cool topic should be added in a college magazine?
I dropped out of college, but make $80000 a year in China, is this considered respectable?
I moved and failed a dual-enrollment class at the local community college, Now I think it's a fail on my transcript. Can I still get into college?
What happen on your first day at DAIICT?
Does one get selected in a college even after a 1-year-back degree?
What college should I apply for?
What kind of jobs can a college student in India do?
Why should a college education be free?
How dangerous to the well-being of our democracy is the speech suppression movement that is presently occurring on university and college campuses?
How are community college courses viewed in the college admissions process?
Where should I go for my first trip abroad (I’m Canadian)? I have 2 weeks, or 10 days, and almost $15,000 (Canadian) in funds to do it. Where do I go?
Is dance a big part of MIT culture?
Which countries can I study abroad in, work and settle down?
Can a student at MIT sign up for UROP in his/her first year of undergrad studies?
How did you decide on your college when applying to Oxford?
What should I do if I was grouped with cold and cunning people for my project work?
Which is the best university to study photojournalism in abroad with less cost?
How can I make the most of my college education if it is at a low tier school?
How could we make college education free?
Should I choose a single or double room in my second year?
Should students graduate from college or university only if they pass a comprehensive examination in their major?
Would Professor Frank Deis recommend taking his 301 class during the summer or spring semester?
What should college activists take away from the Middlebury College protest against Charles Murray?
How dangerous is college?
What classes are you currently taking right now in college?
How is entrance is IPU?
Were you ragged at your college when you were a junior? How was the experience? What did you do?
What is the minimum donation at VNR VJIET in Hyderabad?
What is biomedical engineering in college like?
Can I attend a lecture at Humboldt University in Berlin, if I am not a student?
Am I making a mistake by attending an online college?
How can I accept that life is only going to get worse?
Should I let my father attend my college graduation?
I don't want to go to college and end up in tens of thousands of dollars of student loan debt. I want to go into the IT field, what are my options?
I am a 34-year-old Army vet, working full-time and barely making it through college with a 2.5 GPA in CS. What can I do?
Do college affairs remain confined to college only?
How do I find free colleges to study abroad?
Would I feel lonely in an American university that is predominantly white?
What does it mean when a college student must look for alternatives to popular perspectives in any particular subject?
How is Shivaji College regarding academics?
Do you regret your college decision?
Is the hostel good in svce?
Can someone who studied medicine abroad practice in the USA/UK after graduation?
How do I get an education as a writer outside of college?
What is the best inspiring thing told by your professor?
Is 5 years (including summers) of tuition (first choice of classes) at a college ranked 250 or 4 years of tuition at a college ranked 100 better?
Where can I find good courses to study abroad?
Which college is best for AME abroad?
What is your worst fraternity story?
Is NYIT a part of Columbia University?
Should I go to Rice or UPenn for pre-med/environmental or materials engineering?
Must I be enrolled in a college to be accepted as an apprentice?
Are AP courses more difficult than their college-equivalent courses?
What should an international freshman studying in the US carry with them in their luggage?
What are your best and interesting experiences at Uppsala University?
Why do some people turn in their exams early?
How can I find a sponsor for my college education?
Does the study pressure at Delhi University vary from one college to another?
Does a distinction like Questbridge College Prep Scholar have any weight in the admissions process?
What are the arguments for not going to college vs starting a business?
How is the study life in TUHH compared to the University of Ulm?
I'm an incoming freshman going to Berkeley. I got into the EECS program. Do you have any tips for a new incoming freshman?
Why do people think taking 5 classes per semester in college is hard?
What are the best ways to invest Rs25k for a college student?
Where is college life more chilled out, NSIT or DTU?
In the college culture in the USA, how common is casual sex among college kids? Is the promiscuity as rampant as some articles suggest?
Does what you experience matter more than what you learn in college?
As a lecturer, how do you handle the internal politics of a college/institute?
Is Sri Gayatri a good college?
What are some things one must know before entering into IIT?
What's the most badass thing anyone ever did in school?
How is geology in IIT Bhubaneswar?
Would it be a good idea to take a gap year and try to get into medicine again?
What is summer at Brown like? Is it a summer program that just wastes our time?
Can I apply to another college freshmen year if I already did senior year in high school?
Is it true that most college & university campuses lean left, and if so, why? Do you see that as a threat to a healthy political climate?
If one studies MBBS abroad, will he/she be considered as an authorised medical practitioner for the purpose of a service tax?
What is it like to be a student at Johns Hopkins?
What is the AFS study abroad company? Have you had any bad or positive experiences?
Should I pursue a masters from India, or should I go abroad?
Are students divided into batches in Lovely Professional University?
What happens between the first read and the second read of a technical paper, such as math, that brings about better understanding of the content?
It takes me almost two and half hours to go to college. Should I stay in a hostel?
Do college students take AP?
Do you think I should do an undergraduate major I like or one I don't like that just "sounds better"?
How is student life at Pune?
What are the most major differences between the campus and surrounding downtown area of Colgate University today, as compared to 20 years ago?
Do college athletes actually go to class like everyone else? If so are they actually expected to maintain the same grades as other students?
Should I go to college at Pitzer or Carleton?
Why is the 1st MBBS year so hectic?
What is the party scene like at Bowdoin College?
What are some trustworthy abroad programs?
Should I attend Colgate University or Colorado College?
How many private or government engineering colleges are the best in Mumbai for a CSE? Would there be a hostel on campus? What would be a guess about the fee for a private college’s hostel?
How do Iget a scholarship abroad for undergraduate​ engineering?
What are some things that every teenager should try before going to college?
Is it bad for my career to have a healthy relationship during my college days?
In SSN College, how are the laundry facilities?
Is there any ragging in Allahabad University?
What college is the best to do a biology course in Delhi?
Why does college bore me?
If I do CA after BCom will I be able to enjoy college life?
Can I have a successful career in physics if I'm a college drop out?
Should an Indian student go abroad for undergraduate education in medicine?
Should university students go into business?
How can I get college students using my social app?
What is it like to live off-campus at UB?
What scholarships are available in Nigeria for medical students who want to study abroad?
How is the study pressure of a plain BSc graduating student at Shivaji College?
What is the most thrilling experience of your college time?
For people that have graduated from college or are currently in college, do you regret where you decided to go?
How is GD Goenka University?
What happens if you are banned from college for bad grades?
Which institution, college, or university provides the best placement for journalism?
What are Dartmouth College sororities like?
Halfway through my first year in college, I feel like I've lost the ability to focus. What can I do to fix this and prevent it next year?
Is it okay that I’m looking at colleges I want to go to in the future?
How do I perfect my writing during college?
What are some unsaid rules for hostel mates?
Are there benefits of working for a DOT out of college despite lower pay?
How is NIT Suratkal, hostel, mess, and foodwise?
Is there any severe ragging in medical colleges?
What subject do you teach, and why did you choose to teach it?
Can I apply to jobs in Germany while outside of Germany? I am Chinese and have never studied or worked abroad before.
Can I go for a BS at Harvard even if I have a degree in engineering already?
