Why is the UI not coming up, after changing to httpd.conf?
What is the main difference between graphic and UI design?
How do I see Semantic UI components are used in a page?
What is the best way to learn UI/UX design for Android App?
How high is the demand for UX UI designers in Berlin?
What are the best examples of Business Intelligence UI?
What companies have UI/UX design internships?
I’m trying to label a sorting UI to sort "events." Would you label a dropdown UI "Soonest to Latest"?
What are the new innovative ways to attract customers in web designing and UI/UX designing?
What is the best library for UI?
Are there any UI/UX designers out there?
What are some good companies to work for as an AngularJS developer (UI developer)?
Which design/UX change has created the best user engagement on Quora?
Why is the new Quora interface so annoying?
If a professional skillset includes SEO, Content Writing, and UI design, is it viable or is it a multiple (complex) career path?
Why can't an interface implement another interface in Java?
Why is interfacing used in digital computers? How would you explain the silent features of a device interface?
How do I implement shared material UI components across static pages and React apps?
Can I get a UI/UX Design internship at Urban Ladder without having a degree in Design, but having an equal passion and portfolio?
How should I approach a company as an indepedent contractor who wants to supply a radical improvement to the User Interface of a key feature of internet use?
Which are the best UI institutes in Singapore?
What are some features that are missing in material-UI?
Do interfaces inherit from the object class in C#?
Does OTRS 4 have a web interface optimized for mobile devices?
What would be the best platform for us to hire the kind of UI UX developers we are looking for?
What is the difference between a User Interface designer and a Product designer (software)?
How do you feel about Quora's interface?
What does Microsoft use for their user interfaces on the web, like Office 365 admin and Azure?
How do I create a back-end application that can provide a set of APIs to be called from a front-end UI?
How are the job prospects for a UI designer in France? Being a UI designer and animator, I would like to move there from India. Would I get a job directly?
Is anyone interested in Android notepad app with improved UI?
Which career option should I choose, UI/UX designer or front end developer?
What are some of the largest single page applications? How they maintain their UI component?
What do you think about the User interfaces for the Ford for 2017?
How do packages differ from interfaces?
What are some time saving design ideas/best practices in user experience?
Are there any differences between a Linux distribution with a particular graphical environment out of the box, or installing it afterwards?
Is it possible for a UI or UX designer to transition to an agile/scrum coach?
How can I get a complex pedigree developed or designed?
Which programming languages should one know in order to become a UI designer and developer?
Where can I browse design examples?
How can one reset Pixlr interface to default? My Pixlr loads images as a dot 1x1 pixels. How can I revert the interface to the original settings?
Which school is the best for UI /UX design?
What examples of bad icon design in user interface do you know?
What are some examples of the best mental health and/or medical apps?
Do shadow clones have the same injuries as the user (provided the user is injured)?
What are the common difficulties for web/app developers to work with UI/UX designers?
How do I view the television version of a website’s user interface on my computer’s browser?
How do I design a better layout modern website?
What are the odds of U.S. employment for "graduates" of the RED Academy (UX/UI) program?
What are the best Sketch plugins UI designers and copywriters can take advantage of?
Can we call JSP as a UI technology?
What is the best way to do OTP flow in UX point of view?
What are some of the cool plugins for React for a UI?
How will the rising popularity of voice interfaces change the nature of software product design?
What are the main user experience practical in Poland?
Why is Quora UI so redundant?
What is a programmable interfacing device?
Have you ever pushed back on a bad system interface because it complicated the instructional design?
What could be used to create a text interpolation manager UI?
What is “wireframing” in UI design?
What programming languages can I use to make user interfaces, such as chats, comments, groups, etc., in websites and in apps?
What are useful design strategies for making an installation guide that can be viewed easily on a phone?
What are best alternative to unity interface and why?
Which is the best website to browse for the most innovative and creative UI UX designs?
What is the best UI for a smart phone?
What are some frameworks or products to deploy a pivot table like web UI?
I've seen some developers using IDEs very fast, and they also master the user interfaces quickly. Is that an indicator for a good developer?
How do I make my own UI framework from other frameworks?
How can I toggle main menu to drop down items in mobile navigation bar?
Where can I find programmers (whichever language) and graphic/UX/UI designers to relocate and work at one of my companies in Jamaica?
Is Java Overcrowded? Should I become UI developer?
Why is the app color different than the status bar in most apps in an Android?
What are your thoughts on YouTube's new user interface interface design?
What's best for me, to keep working full time or to work remotely with foreign companies as a UX/UI designer?
Between Bootstrap and Semantic UI which one do you prefer?
What is the difference in serial interface and fast Ethernet interface in CISCO packet tracer?
Is it necessary to know graphic designing to learn UI designing?
What is the difference between magazine and newspaper websites in terms of the user experience, the design, and the message the websites attempt to convey?
Which country people got a highest salary in UX/UI designers?
What are the characteristics of a single user interface?
Should a UI developer know Git?
What is difference between user flow vs user journery vs task flow in UX?
What are the functions of interface units?
How do I download UI themes on LMMS?
Can you combine usability metrics into single scores?
Do you know where to find reliable sources of information (articles, papers, etc.) about e-commerce (UX, UI and IXD)?
Is masters in HCI equivalent to masters in UI?
How is a UI created for Android/iOS apps and SaaS?
What are the opensource user interfaces for confluent Kafka (open source version of command center)?
Is it too late to start UI/UX design as a sophomore with no portfolio or prior experience?
How can I do UX research, testing, interviews on something I don't have yet (the UI)?
Will getting a UX design MicroMasters from EDX.org and taking courses from interaction Design Foundation get me an entry-level job in UX design?
It is logical to use one interface to login, like an admin and a user for example?
Have you ever thought of changing the UI of Wikipedia?
What concepts does a shopping website use to display products dynamically, in terms of UI?
Why doesn’t any Linux distro UI feel as well-designed as macOS or Windows 10?
How does Facebook storage UI translations?
Why did Android change the swipe direction from left and right to up and down?
How did you become a UX Manager/Senior?
How do I show different UI components in the same view controller in page view contollers?
How do I draw the user interface design of a messenger?
Which company gives the highest salary to UI/UX designers in Mumbai?
What's a good free database suite that can generate interfaces for my client?
Should freelance web developers try to learn UX and/or UI?
What are the most useful tools in UI/UX design?
What are some of the worst websites in respect to user navigation?
How is the user interface design of the next generation of Messenger?
What is the best platform for discussion forums?
Which online job portal has the best UI/UX design?
What is the best way to make the user interface for the (Microsoft SourceSafe) web app?
Do print media designer need to move on for UI design?
How do I get deep knowledge in UX design?
What could be a good major project on web design for a B.Tech in the final year?
How can an stm32f029 be interfaced with an ecn28j60?
What should I start learning as a fresher for my UI designing career?
What are good resources to learn Java graphical user interface (gui)?
Is there a JavaScript UI component explorer SaaS?
What are some tools to create a basic, customisable React UI template from domain model objects?
What are the 5 most important things to know before designing UI/UX for emerging markets like Africa?
How do I add question details when asking a question after the March 24th, 2017 Quora UI update?
Who are some of the best UX/UI designers in the USA?
How can I create a scrolling navigation menu?
What is best UI for horizontal data table (big)?
What's the best sites for web design?
What are the best online free resources to learn UI/UX?
What is a good software to use as an interface to a database (with some calculations) application?
Is there such thing as a Senior Art Director with a focus on UX/UI? Should I push for a more UX specific job? UX is my passion.
What are some examples of user interfaces for selecting geographic features?
What is the best SaaS UI?
Is it a good idea to start with a front-end development internship if I want to become a UX/UI designer eventually?
How bad is the Facebook mobile interface?
What are some good multi-platform software/UI analytics tools (non-cloud)?
Are design agencies or startups also looking for foreign students when they are hiring for UX/UI internships?
Is Microsoft taking flak for progressively making the Windows UI dumber?
What is the tutorial interface for an MPU-6050 with a PIC16F877A?
Where in Model-View-Controller do you update UI Labels?
Why is the Quora web-based text entry interface so bad?
What is the best software to create a user interface for iPhone development?
Which is the best tutorial for learning UI/UX design?
Which of these two spell library interfaces would you like more in an RPG?
What are some examples of design that show a creator?
What websites are good to start learning UX/UI on your own?
Which is a better career, AEM or UI?
How do I prepare for a mobile design exercise in a UI interview?
Among the Indian shopping websites, which gives a good shopping experience in terms of user interface?
My LinkedIn articles are getting no views since the new user interface was launched. Is there a connection or is this a coincidence?
How can I find the UX/UI job in Europe (EU)?
Which course should I opt for in UI an UX designing in order to learn Photoshop, Illustrator, wireframing, prototyping, and research analysis in UX?
What does “concrete example of the ripple effect in Garrett's UI Model” really mean?
Which are the best, affordable UI/UX design schools with courses on campus?
What is the best website for learning mobile UI/UX design?
What are the roles and responsibilities of UI architect?
I'm a self taught graphic designer, but now I want to learn UI/UX design. What's the best way to learn UI/UX designing, at home?
Why is Quora's website UI so annoying with all those pop overs?
What is the best tool for designing user interaction processes with?
Why did LinkedIn use EmberJS for their new interface?
How much money is needed for design UI/UX course curriculum & notes?
Is there a test automation tool for both API and Web UI testing?
Is the ICommand interface only used on XAML button controls?
What is the next trend in UI design after the gradients?
Will there be any changes on the Wikipedia user interface in the future?
What are some questions you ask when starting a new project in the UX UI design?
Is there an off-shelf UI for a faceted (Elastic) search? I want to avoid building a faceted search UI from scratch as it's been done many times before.
What are the key things to remember while designing the UI / UX for content sharing site?
What are the paths or career steps to if you want to advance from a UX/UI designer role?
What's the best user experience design methods?
What is the best language to create mobile apps with good UI in andorid?
What is TIBCO GI? Does it come under the user interface tool or web services?
What does siri look like?
If a time traveler from our era dropped his iPhone in 1981, how would it impact UI design? Which apps would be influential?
What are the best one lines about JavaScript language?
In the field of UX/UI design, what does visual refinement mean? How is the strength of visual refinement measured?
What is the total addressable market for jobs like product manager or UX/UI developer?
Why are JS UI Nuget packages free?
What is the best file format to submit resume for a UI Designer role?
Did any floppy drives use the IDE interface?
What is important in UI / UX design?
How do I use the UI kit framework animation in bootstrap?
Where can I study UI/UX designing in Bangalore?
What is the work life of a UX entry level manager like?
Why is the Sketch app ignoring such a big market (Windows) by being a Mac-only software?
What books should a good UI/UX designer read?
How do I trigger and monitor a file processing spark job from UI?
What do a materials engineers do in Google?
Is it a bad UI design to implement modal boxes on mobile?
How do I learn UI coding for Java as fast as possible to build an app with one of my programmer friends?
In your opinion, what qualities should be there in an operating system and a user interface?
Do you have any ideas about what a user wants when making a UX/UI of a new application?
Which tech companies offer UX/UI design internships for the Fall of 2017?
Is it worth spending 30k on a UI/UX design course?
What are the best books for UI designers?
Is it acceptable to have a drop down menu in an app’s UI?
Is AI the future of user experience?
Where can I find more resources on user experience design as it relates to WordPress?
Is there any reward from Quora to pin point a UI breach issue in Quora.com?
What would you say or show, if you had 2 minutes to convince someone why UX’s user experience is key to a company's strategy?
What are some examples of human-machine interfaces that are higher throughput than touch screens?
How can I respond to a specific part of an article on Promethea?
What tools do designers use for wireframing, mock-ups, illustration, prototyping and 3D/motion graphics (optional)?
What is UI tools?
What are the best training institutes in Indore which provide UI/UX design training (web-designing)?
What is a good book on web and mobile design principles?
Which UI component libraries should be used with Angular2 application, such as for grid, chart, menu bars?
What are audio interfaces for?
Why do we have classes and interfaces when you don't have to use them?
Did Quora change the comment section’s user interface?
Does the Unity certification give a good idea of script writing for UI elements, to the point where I can make my own UI based code?
How difficult it is to get into product design in the U.S. with a liberal arts bachelor degree?
I'm creating a tool for web developers that makes creating front-ends faster and easier. Would you guys use it?
Are there any worthwhile UX training courses or events this year that can be completed remotely?
When designing a page with expandable/collapsable sections, should I work with a fully expanded artboard or create each section separately?
How do I create an interface in C#?
What is the difference between Front End engineers, UX engineers, and UI engineers?
In building a quasi-exosuit, how would the Alexa/JARVIS interface communicate to the other parts of the suit?
Are there any libraries available for Java that does the same work as of SOAP UI?
Can operating systems be made with 3D interfaces?
How do you create a graphical user interface using C programming?
Is marketing or UI experience better if I want to get into UX?
How do companies make customizable interfaces online for preference choosing on products?
What are some React plugins handy for UI development?
Why is the SAP user experience so bad?
How do you user test UI designs?
What is an artist’s user experience of this web drawing app?
Can someone with a Law Bachelor go into UX design?
How do designers at Facebook feel about being asked to blatantly copy the UI and product mechanics of Snapchat?
As a freelance front-end developer, do I need to know UX/UI design to produce good work?
Which job role is better, a creative visualizer or a UI designer?
Where can I learn to make graphics like these? I am not talking of the app UI, but the landing page kind of design, and the iPhone mockup.
Where can I find books on UI/UX (used) in Chennai? The new ones are so costly.
How can I be a UI/UX designer?
Based on the current market standards, what would be the right amount of salary for a UI UX developer with 2-3 years of experience?
Can an intermediate UI designer with a mediocre portfolio apply to Google?
What are the different UI consoles that can be used for SVN and that can also run on CentOS?
What is the user interface of next generation messenger?
What is the best method to Learn UI/UX Design for Beginners?
Which is preferable for Lenovo smartphones, the Vibe UI or the Android UI?
Where is the user experience design team in Amazon India?
Why is an interface used in C++?
What kind of UX workshops have you runned with your team or client?
How can I use a phone to show the interface of an iPhone?
What is a “look-up table” in a display interface?
Do I need to take UX design training from an institute?
What are some practices to avoid in UI/UX design?
Why doesn’t collection implement a cloneable and serializeable interface?
What do you think of Quora's new comment interface?
How can I change the Lollipop default system UI colour?
How should I release a completely new UX/UI for a web app?
Since the upvote UI change, I haven't received nearly as many upvotes as I used to. Do my answers suck or is it the UI?
What are UI/UX design questions for interview?
Is it better to study UX design in India or Canada? Why?
How can I show a nested set in UI?
Which UI CSS framework look like the Apple theme?
What is it like working as a UI/UX designer for a tech startup in Berlin?
Is the Facebook Litho Android UI framework stable enough to be used in production?
Where I can learn how enterprise applications architectures and data-flows really work for a better user experience?
When is a command-line interface better than a graphical user interface?
How do I prettify the UI of an Android application?
What are the basic knowledge for a UI designer?
How do I create good UI?
What are some important elements to a user interface?
What is the best understanding of UI and UX?
If interface has default and static method then how it achieve 100% abstraction?
What should I learn to become a UI designer?
What is the best, short, in-person UX design course?
What are some questions that might be asked of a React.js developer on a technical interview?
What other computer-based tech/language should I learn online according to the current and future scope, like graphic/UI design, app development, etc.?
How do I configure my MacBook trackpad so that I can go back and forwards in Chrome with a left and right four-finger swipe?
Is only UI testing possible on AWS Device Farm?
What front-end framework would you use to make tabs and a side menu inside each tab, for an admin user interface?
What are good examples balancing business goals and user experience?
Why do people think Optimus UI is ugly? I use a G3 icon pack and colors are a bit dull compared to S6/S7 TouchWiz.
Why are the developers at Quora bent on ruining the UI of the app?
Should I use React Native for a UI-heavy, single-page offline app?
Who are the best product designers (UX/UI) in London?
Can you suggest any platform which would allow me to design User Interfaces (using Angular Material UI elements) for web apps without actual coding?
Why is Venmo's web UI/UX so far behind their mobile app?
What are the best London based agencies to earn some extra money in UX/ UI testing for a full-time student?
I want to promote my user experience design business. In general, what are the key user experience disciplines that clients are looking for?
Is there any good UI library for building Mongo queries?
Why is the Quora interface changing so rapidly?
What are some of the best examples of user interface for field-to-field data import?
Is their any certification for UI and AngularJS which will be helpful for our career?
What is difference between UI and Java UI?
Should I switch from being a UI Developer to being Docker Developer?
What are some examples of great subscription call-to-action user experience on the web?
What is the difference between UI and UX?
What are the Interface Engineering techniques?
Which institute is good for a fresher to learn UI development in Bangalore?
I started as a UX designer, but now I manage a whole design team. What is my role?
What are the traits of a UX designer?
Is there a faster alternative to material-UI TextField?
I'm going to apply to Toptal as a UI/UX designer, how should I prepare?
How do I create a like button and comment section in Mobile Angular UI?
How can Salesforce continue it's growth with such an impossibility complex, infuriating and outdated UI?
Can a computer science student get a job in UI/UX design just after graduating?
How similar is Freshdesk to Zendesk in terms of UI/UX and functionality?
Do design experts regard iTunes as a good UX?
I plan to switch career from chemist to UX/UI. I have no coding experience. Where should I start?
How can I include UI design phases in scrum backlog or as a user story?
What do you think of the new Quora app UI as of 30 March, 2017?
Why doesn’t Instagram allow you to post anything through web interface?
Why is Quora so unsatisfied with their interface?
How is a MBA degree relevant to an user experience designer or an user experience strategist?
What is the purpose of loopback interface in MikroTik?
How useful is iPad Pro & Pencil for UX & UI designers?
What are your views on Gmail's new login interface?
What is the best approach to implement an optimistic UI with React and Redux?
What is a management system that would provide a friendly user interface?
Can you program an alternative user interface that works on top of an existing program?
How does a UX/UI designer get to work in solar?
What are the pros and cons of Typical UI interaction frameworks of iOS?
What is the best post graduation design (Preferably UI/UX) course in Germany?
How can one export UI screen icon cutouts in iOS and Android, and what are the naming conventions and sizes for both?
Can design sprint work on services or product that is not restricted within UI?
Can someone in their 40's get an entry-level job in UX design?
How do I change from a Lenovo Vibe UI to a Mi UI?
How would you style tabs for an admin user interface for a marketing campaign management tool?
Why doesn’t Ola invest in its UI/UX?
What is the best hardware option for a UX designer?
What are the roles of UI/UX and web developers, and what skills are needed to become a UI/UX designer?
What should the engineers be doing when the PM and UI/UX are in the experimentation or design phase?
What will happen if we don’t have a network interface card?
How does one prepare to design a User Interface for a system?
What should be the first hire we should make in marketing as a fintech startup, UX/UI content or digital marketing?
What are the penile and birth canal interfaces known as in simple terms?
Which Indian internet firm has the best UI design team?
Which web app has the best UI/UX design for Android?
Is there a website that can make my project for a subject called human-computer interaction, which consists of making interface designs?
If you were to design your own mental interface, what would it look like and how would it work?
What's the best visual to indicate a two-way voice conversation?
I'm a Voice UX designer. What should I put on my UX Voice Portfolio?
What is more important, UI or UX?
What is the benefit of flat UI design?
Why does most enterprise software have poor user design and/or user experience?
What would the Quora experience be like if it had Pinterest’s UI or features?
How are all of these project templates on Behance used?
Why are column grids preferable to box grids in UX/UI design? Does it depend on the app?
What are some useful libraries that's compatible with Material-UI?
What are the best companies in Bangalore that I can apply at for an internship in the field of designing such as UI/UX, graphic designing and so on?
Why is it so difficult for Microsoft to develop and maintain a consistent ID and user interface?
What are some examples of great UX patterns for Q&As?
What things I should do to be an UX/UI developer?
Where do you share your UI designs apart from Dribbble and Behance?
Are you a true mobile geek?
Can a company take any legal actions against a company which copies its UI/UX or functionality?
What are some screenshots of the nicest, easiest, most functional stock trading UIs (conceptual or real)?
How do User Experience designers (Mobile and Web) provide value to humanity?
Which social media service do you think has the most user-friendly UI?
How do top UX/UI designers integrate content into their designs?
Where can I get someone to design an interface that uses query swipe gestures? I have the concept.
Why do we always use the color green for call to action and red for call to end in a UI?
Is it a good idea to use common UI for desktop and mobile web by using Cordova?
Which top companies in India hire UI/UX designers? What is the salary of a fresher?
Do expensive Learning Management Systems have a better UI (user interface)?
Why was the current user interface of Gmail and LinkedIn changed?
Do you think it would be helpful to see the top opposing opinions side-by-side on Quora?
How can I improve UI of Android app?
Does a UI designer need to know layout XML for Android Studio?
Why are material-UI components so slow?
How can I learn to design a nice and beautiful UI for websites?
What are some good resources to Master Android development?
What are examples of good UI with bad UX and bad UI with good UX?
When does the step of design of UX and UI and scenario details and mockups come in Agile?
Can SAP ECC 6.0 on HANA have SAP Fiori UI?
Which site can be used to find jobs in UI UX designing?
How can I change app UI from API?
How do I select UI components/packages on NPM for a project?
Is there any good courses to teach UI Buttons Scripts for Unity on the internet?
What is the difference between MaterializeCSS, Material UI and Material Design Lite?
How do I start learning UI/UX design?
What is the salary offered for a UI/UX/Visual designer in Hexaware with 7 years of experience?
Which is the best IT company for a UI developer in Pune?
Can you give some feedback on my UI/UX portfolio?
Which is the best course among Web and UX/UI desining?
How do I test UI/UX with Cucumber?
Which interface is to be implemented to define a user-defined exception in Java?
Do you also think that Facebook Web interface is not classy anymore?
What does UX /UI designer do?
How is the UX/UI designer experience in Microsoft?
How do Android app developers make their UI/UX look so good? It seems impossible to achieve what they do with this stupid layout system.
Why isn't there a way to sort answers on Quora based on upvotes or recent answers?
Where can I find UI design samples?
Can DHT22 be interfaces with LPC2146?
How can we interface Arduino with an LCD?
What does it mean when you're tasked to program the same interface as nltk tokenizers?
What are the best courses for UI/UX in NYC for people who already know some JavaScript and front-end programming?
What's the best platform to use to hire UI/UX designers?
Is front end iOS development only implementing UI design?
Can a UI motion designer travel the world and work remotely or freelance?
Are there some UI component libraries for InfernoJS?
How can I land a job as a user researcher while currently a web UI/UX designer?
Quora's new interface kind of sucks, can't they change it to older popup based or fix this issue of scrolling to somewhere else on expand?
Can we put design mockups like on Behance on a resume for placements?
Has Quora's UI changed recently?
Is LinkedIn's new UI more frothy than before?
I'm about to be promoted to Senior Art Director, with an emphasis on UX/UI. Will this hurt me, if I later pursue a more focused UX career?
What is a self-service user interface?
What is the best software to create user interface for my iOS app?
Is there a graphical user interface for LaTex for MacOS?
Why is Amazon's website so cluttered? Are there any plans of changing its user interface?
Why are UX and UI professionals so sensitive about their inability to create aesthetically pleasing designs?
Should I remain in programming if I don’t like UI?
Do I need to know coding to become a UI designer?
Are there design firms that specialize in UX design for the elderly?
What is the industry standard software for UI/UX design in India?
How can one write code with Python or others to get data on UI and put this information to Excel with a lot of formula and then show the result on UI?
How does RED Academy's UX/UI full stack program compare to that of Designation Labs?
How does Front-end development affects User Experience (UX)?
What is most awesome software you have seen in a movie?
Is the Leapfrog institute in Hyderabad good for a UI/UX design course?
Which are the best UX and UI design training institutes in Bangalore, India?
Do people hate the classic IE-IE6 UI?
How can I contact UI/UX designers to ask them 5 questions about their job?
How do I design Android apps with modern UI?
Is the Quora app user interface as good as expected from a multi-billion dollar company?
What is the average salary for a UI/UX designer in Singapore?
Which UI library does Splitwise use? If it doesn’t, which UI library does it resemble?
How does a UI/UX designer, with zero coding knowledge, get a good sense of constraints and opportunities of the technology stack?
What will be the biggest UI design trends in 2017?
Why do most developers place the check for the update option in the help menu?
I'm planning to study abroad at Canada in UX/UI Design field. What are my chances of getting a job in Canada?
What is the exact model of a haptic interface system?
What is new in Moodle 3.3 user interface?
How do I design a mobile phone UI?
Is it possible for someone to have a job in the television and film industry if he or she knows graphic designing or UI/UX designing?
How do I update the UI from a background thread in Android?
What typeface goes well with Helvetica Rounded?
How can I opt out of YouTube’s new material design interface and get the previous one?
How do I view the TV user interface for Netflix in my PCs Browser?
Which is the best UI/UX design company in Kolkata?
If I want to become an Icon designer, is it a necessity to become a UI designer first?
How do some desktop applications have beautiful and clean user interfaces? Why is it that Python application examples have ugly interfaces?
Where can I find UI/UX materials for my Android application?
Why doesn't Gmail have a chat-like interface? It would be easy to handle this.
Why doesn't Wikipedia improve its user interface?
What is the most modern way to create interfaces for cross-platform applications based on a C++ library?
What are the best institutes in Bangalore that provide UX design training, including help in career guidance and portfolio creation?
Can the FitNesse testing tool be used for UI and functional testing?
What are the most common UX/UI mistakes in Android apps?
What is the main current obstacle for conversational interfaces - is it language understanding or usability of chatbot deployment?
What's your approach to prototyping and validating product ideas?
What's the best way to troll a user experience designer?
How does UI design work in Android Studio?
Which of the shopping website is best in terms of user interface design patterns?
What are some online materials to help me create a killer UI/UX design for an Android app?
How do I show that a folded item contains lots of information?
Why Should Career-Changers Consider UX/UI Design?
What are the most promising products at the intersection of the voice user interface and social companionship in terms of conversational agents?
What are the top post graduation options (part time/distance mode) for a creative designer from India or abroad?
Who are the best web UI/UX designers to follow on Dribbble in 2017?
What are some examples of useful and widely used software with bad UI, both in terms of aesthetics and functionality?
How would you describe the impact UI/UX designers can have on the world?
How do I become a UI developer?
Can any current software identify a user's 'confused look', and automatically look up and display definitions or examples of the confusing text or image?
What are the essential JavaScript frameworks that a UI developer should learn?
What will happen if I delete my mobile's UI?
Why is the Pottermore website so chaotic and difficult to navigate?
Where can I find innovative and creative mobile app designs-UI/UX designs?
How can I connect a user interface and a database in Pega?
Why does the Unity interface look so outdated?
What would be the user experience if Quora was fronted with an AI voice assistant?
How can I phish the new Gmail interface (the interface with different pages to enter your username and password)?
What is the role of information architecture in digital UI/UX?
Is cognitive science at UCSD good for going into UI/UX?
What is the present status of the UI UX design industry in India?
What data structures and algorithms should I learn as a UI engineer?
What are the most innovative 3D UIs?
What are some questionable trends in user interface design?
Is Ken Thompson's text as an interface a bad design?
How long does it take to become a qualified User Experience designer?
What are some bad practices in front-end development, and how do they affect user experience (UX)?
How do you interface a 16*2 LCD (in 8-bit mode) with an AVR in order to display exactly 10 characters entered by a user?
Which software is best for UI designing?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of minimalism in UI design?
How do I find out the component which is used to design a particular UI inside Android app?
Can you own the rights to code that combines 2 open-source APIs with a user interface?
“UI on mobile devices will eventually be replaced by Javascript." What does this sentence mean?
Which is the best site on which to learn UI and UX design?
What should I focus on as a student to prepare me for a great career in UX/UI Design?
Is it true that there is only one intuitive user interface?
Why does C++ not have a built-in graphics user interface (GUI) library?
What kind of design course should I do if I am interested in UI designing?
What kind of data data analytics UX UI designers do?
Who are the best UI UX designers in Winnipeg?
Why should a registration page have a cancel button?
What are some opinions on Fuduntu, e.g. its stability and user interface, etc.?
How have swipe navigation and card layout become major app design trends in 2017?
The LinkedIn UX is not good. How long will it take before it is improved?
What test cases can we automate for UI testing?
What ideas do you have/have you heard of that use UI/UX/graphic design to transform education on a large scale?
Why does the Telegram Bot Platform only support inline buttons? What about other UI components?
Why is origin at upper left corner in computer graphics? Wouldn't it be easier if we used bottom left? Is there a reason as to why is it so?
How would you describe your style / UX philosophy?
What does it take to customize a FirebaseUI login screen?
As a UI designer, is it worth investing in Principle?
Can we use pic 16 series for interfacing with can?
What are the various master's degrees available for user experience design?
Will Apple's downfall be because of Johnathan Ive being an industrial designer trying to be responsible for interaction and user interface design?
Which is the best app for the Indian Railways with a neat and clean UI? I have used Railyatri and Ixigo, but they are very old UIs and are not user-friendly.
What would be the pros and cons if all government spending was shown in a simple UI/UX to the last penny?
What are the must join conferences about mobile app design and UX UI design in Vancouver around September?
What is Quora doing to improve its UI/UX?
What is the program at the interface?
Why is the system UI not working?
Who are UI developers? What are the languages that come under UI development?
Where and how do I get started on unifying multiple-user interfaces into one?
Why do we need loopback interfaces?
Where is the best place to learn UI design in Australia? (short course or bootcamp)?
How can I move from Web UI development to SAP functional?
Should I put my ''concepts'' of a UI/UX redesign for sites like Spotify, Facebook etc. in my portfolio?
Why is Johnathan Ive in charge of User Interface at Apple when he is an Industrial designer?
Who are some good UX UI recruiters in the Chicago area?
How is the life of a UX UI designer?
What is the difference between web UI and console UI?
Why does Semaphore implement Serializable interface?
Are you having a terrible user experience with the Megabus website? It seems rigid navigating across the site. What do you find difficult?
What are interface design elements in software engineering?
What are the standard I/o interface?
For the purposes of UX design, do all cultures use and understand what a wallet is?
Is web designing to graphic designing and then to user interface designing a good career path?
How do designers usually deliver UI animation?
What are some good online UX/UI design courses that offer certification?
How can I handle poor user interfaces with work software?
What are the advantages of a monthly stats dashboard vs a "last 30 days" dashboard in UI design?
What are some good Javascript librairies that can compliment material-UI?
Why are the Amazon.com UI and the Amazon.in UI different?
What is best way for Adobe interview for senior user experience role? I have 5 yrs of exp in web development and UX and UI.
What is atomic design in web design or development?
What does the BITSAT interface look like?
Why doesn't Google provide a better UI to Android File Transfer app?
Which country gives higher salaries to UI/UX designers?
Where can I learn to do awesome Web-based UI animations?
Why doesn't Facebook care about UI?
What are the best user testing firms?
What are some popular open-source UI frameworks similar to 'block-and-node' interfaces for code generation (example: Node-Red, Blender 3D)?
What are some cheaper alternatives to UserTesting.com?
Where can I find a good course in UX/UI design management?
What are some chat rooms that has great UI/UX?
Why does Quora's User Interface suck and how can it be fixed?
Is Android UI development dependent on backend development?
Have they changed Wikipedia's UI?
Why isn't Quora improving its interface?
How can I create material design User Interface for desktop applications using C or C++?
What are is recommended in an CS undergrad to pursue a UX/UI PhD?
Is the user interface for Virgin Media TV poorly designed?
What are some websites that have free flat UI icons (icons with shadows)?
Where can I download a login/out system with a user interface that automatically gives access to user accounts on my computer server?
Why do Quora links in emails lead to the feed instead of the article shown in the link text?
Where can I get a comprehensive list of web UI components?
How many people choose UX/UI design in India?
Is there anything wrong with adding modern, good-looking pages to an old-fashioned web portal?
How do marker interfaces actually work in Java when they are empty interfaces?
I love both Motion Design & UI Design. Is there a way to correlate one another to set my career path?
What is the best way to a strong UI/UX designer in China?
What are some good books on leading a UX team?
Usually, how long does it take to make a full interface prototype for a mobile application?
How do designers reconcile a continuous user experience with a constantly improving UI?
SMA Configuration UI has stopped working. How can I fix it?
What do you think of Quora's new UI?
What is 'high fidelity' UI work?
What are the best colleges for UX design in Canada?
As a Product Manager, do you feel the need to get better at Visual/UI/UX design?
What are the different UI patterns for forums?
Is Quora not user friendly? I hate this app because of its poor quality of UI.
Is there a blog or other resource where I can find the ideation process of companies, like Quora, Airbnb, etc., from the idea to UX to UI?
Where should I start to learn UX Design Process?
Where can I find all of the job descriptions and responsibilities for designers in the UX industry?
What’s the best design tool to develop Mobile UI?
What's the best UI to clear a dropdown field?
What is the best UX/UI for their web app - Airbnb, Marriot, or Hilton?
How do I get better at UI design in illustrator?
Which is the best training institute for jQuery UI development in Bangalore?
Why does registration in page should not have cancel button?
What are the best online auction/bidding platforms (with customizable UI)?
Is UI Path coming up with a new version which has the functionality of executing C# codes, just like Blue Prism?
What is the ring at the interface of two layers in the Molisch test?
Which one is good for a career, hybrid mobile application developer or UI developer, and why?
What is the best way to get new UX & UI idea for a designer?
What courses would you suggest to a college drop out UX & UI designer for a better career?
What is a good UI/UX design and branding company for a consumer mobile app?
What technology is the ChromeOS UI written with?
Which is more difficult, Java or UI?
What is the future scope for UX design?
How do I land an interview at Google as a user experience researcher?
In comparing Axure RP Pro V7 vs V8, what are your 5 favorite changes? My personal #1 is using object groups in transitions. What are your 5 favorites?
When can users make changes in RUP?
How do I convert a dropdown cell in a grid into a complete cell using UI-grid?
On Android and as a user, is there a quick way to switch to the home screen without backtracking through an app?
Which platform do you use to create a customization UI app?
How can a programmer and a UI designer work on the same project simultaneously without having conflicts with each other?
How do I start learning Smart GWT? I have a requirement in a project and the UI is in Smart GWT?
What have your UX experiences been with the szallodak.hu website? Can you find your chosen hotel easily?
Why is coded UI better than IBM’s RFT tool?
Who works in user design for MocoSpace?
What salary range should a React developer ask for during a job interview?
How do I change the interface from P3 to P2 in Catia V5 software?
In an HADR-enabled DB2 database, what changes need to be made in the user interface and where? Will it be a change in the configuration file or Java class?
What is the UX UI designer's average salary in Singapore?
What is interface-based programming?
Why hasn't​ Wikipedia upgraded to a more modern UI?
How do I remove close button on the jQuery UI dialog?
What app has the worst UX?
How do you build a UI portfolio when you're limited by the design approval of your company? In other words, what they want doesn't look the best.
Which is a good software to design user interface with?
Which online job portal has the best UI/UX design in India?
Why doesn't Quora develop its user interface?
What are some good React plugins for easily making user interface elements?
Can a single app developer can make UI design and core features efficiently?
How can my agency find UI design work only (without obligation to develop/code the work)?
Is it bad design to use modal boxes on mobile devices for login/register?
Which are all the real aspects when talking about user experience?
Why did Microsoft changed its interface and used the Ribbon, when the icons are more efficient?
Has anyone ever thought of changing the UI of Wikipedia?
What are the trends in app development in 2017?
Which program is required for becoming a UI developer?
Which company gives highest salary to UI/UX designers in India?
What are the best institutes for UI/UX design courses in Delhi NCR?
How will design be instrumental in transforming voice-enabled user interfaces?
Is there a major difference between primavera desktop and web access in terms of user experience?
Where can I get coding practice tests for AngularJS or UI developers?
What is the best human smartphone interface?
What are the main features of the MATLAB integrated design environment and its user interfaces?
What inspired the change in UI design to embedded boxes on Quora?
Where are some good tutorial PDF’s on Semantic UI available?
Does good writing skill bring benefits to UI/UX design? Is it necessary?
What is dynamic navigation menu?
How do you run User Experience Design workshops to get buy-in from potential clients?
I got 60 website clicks on my Facebook Ad, but why did I get 0 signups?
Why doesn't Yahoo revamp its email user interface?
Why am I not getting any job interviews as a UX designer?
Is it possible to create an interface to access a website by using Kivy?
How many resources (time, people, cost) do you spend on UI/UX for each new Android project?
What do you understand about character user interface?
Why is Quora's UI getting worse?
There are a lot of blank spaces in the navbar of Quora’s new UI. Is it a part of A/B tests?
People seem friendlier on Instagram than on Facebook. What role does UI design play in that?
Why does Google consistently make terrible UI design decisions in their mobile apps?
Is it good to learn UiPath RPA? Will it be helpful in the future in IT?
Which is the best PHP or UI developer?
What is the downside and upside of QT UI?
What are job-finding sites for UI/UX designers?
Has anyone done the User Experience Design Certificate Program at SMU? Would you recommend it?
What does UI control level help mean? How it can be written from a UI screen shot?
What is an interface class? What are some examples that explain its usability field and purpose?
Which car has the best middle console user interface design?
I want to develop a website like the Quora, and the same UI, do you think there is any copyright issues?
We create bespoke web user interface design in sketch app. What is the most efficient way to implement such designs on WordPress?
How did Quora plan their UI/UX?
Will Quora make frequent unnecessary UI changes? I hope not, as the current design is nice and clean.
Where can I find some great UX/UI designers in Canada?
What are the best online courses for UI/UX design?
What are the reasons why video game-type interfaces would not be effective for real-world applications?
What are the best books about UI/UX design in 2017?
Is there anyone who did not like new LinkedIn UI design?
I'm building a tool to make creating great looking web interfaces super easy. What features should I build into it?
How is Janice Paul so good with UI?
Can a bad drawer be a UI designer?
Is the overlapping of content in the image a UI bug in the Quora app (Android version)?
Who prepares the UI standard for web applications?
I'm a print designer and I'm looking to transition to either UX or social media. Which career track makes more money?
What are the best examples of consumer tech/apps you've seen that have UIs heavily influenced by AI?
As a Front-End Web developer, what artifacts do you expect from the UI/UX Design function?
How can I easily use Office UI Fabric to change SharePoint web app design?
Why do some browsers not show the full URL of a website, but only the website name without the subdomain?
What do UI software engineers do on a daily basis?
What is the best interface design tool for the iPad Pro?
What coding bootcamp provides the best UX/UI course if I am looking to get a job right away in that field?
How do I evaluate quality of UI/UX design?
Is video-making included in UI design?
How do I design the best UI for room-scale VR?
What is the best way to improve my UX/UI skills without real projects?
Is it worth investing 90k in learning UI/UX?
What is an external interface?
Is flat UI design bad in games?
How important is a design degree for an User Experience designer?
How do I interface PCI 6221 with MATLAB? Is there any drivers to be installed for interfacing?
What do you consider the best designed ecommerce site user interface?
What do you want to learn in UX?
What is your review of IronHack UI/UX Bootcamp in Miami?
Does using speech communication as the user interface increase willingness to use expert systems in gaming? If so why?
What influenced Quora's design decision of showing upvotes as '100+' instead of its specific number like it was before?
How could Facebook user experience be improved?
How do I can implement search dialog after clicking on a button?
Where can I get some UI widget like cocoacontrols?
Where will I get great User interface or design for Android apps with source code?
How is the user experience of selling phone on OLX.com?
How do you click on a menu item in a drop down menu?
How do I view my LinkedIn network connection with filters after Microsoft acquired it, and revamped the user interface?
How far can I get as a UI developer in Australia?
How can I get website theme like Jarvis interface?
What are the advantages a of text-based user interface vs. a command-line user interface?
How do you think Twitter's UI could be improved?
Do people really like the new user interface of Android Lollipop?
How should a UX/UI CV look?
Which is the best country to work as a UI designer?
As a developer, what is your preferred method of receiving design materials and methods of collaboration (UI and UX)?
How do you add already displayed output to the Data section of UI table syntax in Matlab?
Mac is much more user-friendly at so many levels, so why doesn't Windows take note and build things people love about Mac into their OSes? I use both.
How do you bring up line guides in Sketch UI app?
What are some new Mobile applications Interface designing trends of 2017?
How can I bring up the red lines that show the distance between two shapes in Sketch?
Which UI framework does Uber use?
Why does Uber use Google apps?
Would You choose Discourse over phpBB to make a forum with a card-layout UI?
Is there a freeware that, when installed, translates the user interface you are using and presents you into the language you seek?
How do I get started with graphical interfaces in C++?
My Micromax Juice A177 is displaying "System UI has stopped" - what is its implication, and how can it be fixed?
Where can I find the best icon sets for UI design?
What do Quip users think of the redesign in February 2017?
What are some complaints about the new LinkedIn UI (2017 update)?
How can I make replies which appear on my command prompt, appear on a webpage?
Which is the best MBA course for a UI & UX designer?
How does a graphical user interface work?
What are the elements a designer should stick to when designing UI with development in mind?
I did a UX course from Bangalore, and learnt UI design as well. How can I use a prior 1.5 years of exp in SAP ERP PP/QM module to switch to a UX job?
What is a web interface?
Why do touch screen soda machines suffer from such poor performance?
What are the best UX prototyping tools for Microinteractions?
Can 30-year-olds learn to be UI and UX or shift career?
Do I need to know much JavaScript for using Semantic-UI?
Did Quora's advertisement rollout mess up your user experience?
Are there any good online courses that train you to make a Graphical User Interface?
How could SAP's UI/UX improve?
Is it possible to download animations and UI from Dribbble if there are no given attachments?
What are the procedures of evaluating user experience of a new product?
Which iMac is preferred for UI/UX design, 21.5 or 27?
From where I can learn the best Web User experience design patterns and practices?
What is UI/UX?
How important is to learn graphic designing if you want to become web designer?
What do you feel about LinkedIn's desktop redesign? Do you think LinkedIn will be more useful, now that it has a much cleaner UI?
Why did Kroger change their self scanner UI?
What would be your best scalability advice for a hypothetical website that is growing rapidly?
How do you implement responsive User Interfaces (UI) in a web application?
How can I make my Ui website design accept to ThemeForest.com?
What is a reasonable hourly rate for a UI designer in India?
Is it too late to go into a different field like UI/UX design when you're over 30 years old?
Is there any free or paid software or online tools for reviewing UI and UX design of a website?
As a total beginner, how can I learn to become a UX/UI designer?
What are common challenges for the design of small screen devices?
How would you advise creating a UX portfolio with case studies without a team? I'm a current UI designer wanting to be more of a UX/UI designer.
How can Xamarin provides access in Windows to the UI of an iOS simulator in a remote macOS?
Where can I find a user friendly Python interface for my laptop?
Why is flat design considered good?
How do I make my Android UI to get support in all devices with greater resolution?
What are the uses of UX process?
In JavaFx, why does a mouse listener work on a pane, but a key listener doesn't?
What is the standardization of UI/UX across products of the same family? How can it be achieved?
Which are the top app user interfaces in 2017, and why?
What us the best institute in Hyderabad for a UI/UX Design course?
What is the role of the UI developer and benefits of the UI developer?
Is it needed to learn MBA for a UI & UX designer?
How do I interface GY-87 with Fire Bird V?
Where does complex UI operations go in a Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern?
Does one have good career opportunities if one works on a FreeMarker template language in UI development?
What is the first thing to do for becoming a user experience practitioner?
Can someone in Pune mentor and teach me UI/UX designing?
Despite being a market leader in its domain, why does LinkedIn has poor UI and website performance?
What is the use of tag interfaces?
If you could revert back to the previous LinkedIn user interface, would you?
How about UX UI horizontal scrolling in mobile web?
What's an easy way to build a UI in XML?
Is it legal to create an UI Kit of a popular app?
What is necessary for foreigners to be hired as web or UX/UI designer in Australia?
Wich are the steps to do the right UX UI consultancy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of menu driven interface?
Can I get work as a UX designer/researcher by working remotely?
Which universities offer the best UI/UX Design master program in Canada?
Where can I find good and bad examples of a car digital dash UI/UX?
How does UI get designed for apps?
Is there a graphical user interface for creating/editing MySQL tables that I can then upload to my web server?
Whereto find semantic UI documentation?
What kind of UX and interaction design projects do product companies do in India?
Should I design UI with grid system?
What is mapping in UI design?
How could Quora's UX be improved?
What is 'Regional Structure' in relation to HCI & User Interface Design?
What are the disadvantages of SOAP UI?
In UX Design, how many levels should an accordion have?
What is the fee structure for a UI designing course in Chennai?
How is generating form UI dynamically in Android based on JSON schema?
What are user experience guidelines for trainings?
How can I get the URL of a LinkedIn post of other people in the new UI?
What are some ways I can make money by applying my after effects/animation skills to UI/UX design?
Does WebAssembly opens possibility to make UI in browsers for executables (exe-files)?
How would you redesign a well known user interface?
How do I interface apr33a3 with sim800?
What is the better career: Cloud computing or UI developer?
What enterprise software impressed you the most by the UI, UX?
Is Vancouver CA a good city for UI/UX design?
Will the Affinity Designer replace Sketch or AI in the UI/UX area?
I am an electronics engineer. I am 28 and want to shift career to UI design. Is it late for me?
What are the worst UX Design on well known websites or services?
What UI frameworks does Flipkart use for its mobile website UI for app feeling?
Why does the camera user interface of newer Samsung phones no longer show the video file size?
Is there a chance of a richer UI design coming back anytime soon?
Are there any famous UI artists or UI designers?
How does UI automation tools detect the elements on the webpage or applets within the webpages?
What are your favorite things about the new LinkedIn interface?
What are differences between UI developer and website designer?
Could LinkedIn improve their UI by taking a look at Quora's?
What are the best UX practices for graphs?
Is there a good tutorial that shows you how to make a Windows 8 type of user interface?
Why should the movement of an element between two points within the bounds of the screen follow a natural, concave arc?
What types of information could an analyzer interface learn about the user to make it more useful in successive uses?
Which are the best countries for a Indian UI UX designer other then India?
Why does the Quora mobile web UI/UX suck?
Where do you go to find UI/UX inspiration?
What are the books related to personalized experiences in UX/UI design these days?
Which one is the best JavaScript UI platform for smooth animation?
Should I make a modal box for the login screen of my site?
How easy would it be to segue into UI/UX from linguistics?
How do I update JSON file on cloudant via UI?
I want to explore my designing skills. Is it a good choice to do MDes after having 5 years of experience as a UI developer?
Is there any cheat sheet for iPad UI design? Sizes, specs, and font pt?
Do you have a workaround for getting back to the old LinkedIn UI?
Which tool can be used to make really cool UIs in Android?
What are some ways UI designers come up with ideas ?
How can I become a world-class UI designer in under a year?
Why is Craigslist popular despite its old-looking User Interface?
Would it be correct to describe APIs (application programming interfaces) as "giant dictionaries" which other applications interface with?
Is there a more friendly user interface and search engine for a plugin hardrive?
I’m looking for a UX/UI agency for FinTech products. Any recommendations?
To what extent should a UI design be different for right-to-left languages like Arabic?
What are some of your best sketch UI mockups, you made ever?
Can I change my job from SEO to web development?
What's the best way to educate users that they are taken from one website to another?
What are examples of when JavaScript is not the best solution for UI web development?
Why is the Facebook UI so bad on PC?
What is the best UI/UX Design book or class to get a good intro to the field?
How do I get started in the field of user experience?
How do I make all the complex shaders that we see in car interface design? Are there any techniques do help with the lighting?
How should I create a UI for my SQL database project?
What are the best questions to ask UI tests?
What is the UI tech stack for LinkedIn?
As a freelance UI designer, photographer, or videographer, what are the prospects for working in Switzerland?
What makes you different from other creative professionals, designers, and innovators, etc.?
How are UI kits such as the ones provided by UI8.net website converted to Android apps in real life by developers?
What are some new technologies that are user-friendly for people above the age of 65 or so?
What are some problems you've noticed with Twitter's user interface?
What is the salary of a UI developer with 3 year experience in India?
Is it okay to ask to shadow a UX or UI designer?
Can XML be used as UI for desktop development?
How much time do you spend weekly outside of work on personal projects to improve your user interface design skills?
How do you select colors for user experience in enterprise products?
Why does light get bent at interface of two media?
What are your core areas of UI design expertise?
What advice would you givr for UI/UX engineer who have both technical and design interview to crack?
How do I interface Vector CANoe and Python in Windows? I need to analyze the real-time data from the trace file. I have been using VN1610 interface.
How would you judge the interface design of LinkedIn?
Why did people have such a negative reaction to the Adoptly on Kickstarter? Was it because of the swipe interface?
Which are the software companies having web UI developers in Coimbatore?
How do UI designers deal with icons?
What are the best tools for UX design?
Which has better UI, usability or easy to use operating system among Xperia X, Oneplus 3T and Moto Z Play?
Should I order the left or right Rockshox Reverb button?
How much should I pay for the UI design of a PC game?
What is Quora's interface made of?
Why does an interface argument allow any type?
How do I find a job in UX Design after a 5yr gap with no job? I have Masters in the same field. Now working on UI design projects as a freelancer.
How do I start to create custom Android UI?
What is the best strategy for creating web UI in a microservices architecture?
What are some free resources online for audio / video training? (Specifically looking for UX UI courses)?
Was command-line interface(CLI) or text user interface(TUI) used first in MS-DOS?
What are the best and most obvious UI/ UX design tips you can give for a mobile app?
How much UI work did you do as a UX designer? Do you think UX will replace UI in the future?
Why does the Twitter UI still suck?
What is an efficient and easy framework for developing UIs in Python?
What are the main problems with website usability and/or design?
What programming language should be used for interface design?
How can I change the call attending interface in iPhone, like the upper one in this image?
Where can I find modern UI design materials in Android?
What are the differences between a metaphor and an affordance in a user interface design, and how do I distinguish between them?
How can I have different UI ViewController background for different time constraints?
What is the result of UX designer's work at toptal?
Which company in India are working on Siebel Open UI?
Why did more and more smartphone manufacturers start using themes with bright background as standard?
Which is the world’s most famous user interface?
Briefly, what are the two levels of the UI design process?
What are the limitations of Mac other than customization of UI?
Is it risky to share a detailed app presentation with freelancers over platforms such as freelancer.com or upwork.com?
Why does Quora's login screen display notebook scribble style illustrations?
What's the best way to document the design when there are fast iterations?
Which are all the good books to understand in depth concepts of UX and UI in web development?
Is there such thing as a developer guide for slicing UI graphics?
Can you get UI/UX-designer position if you are an experienced front-end web developer?
How do I design micro-interactions for mobile or web UI?
What is used to make a great interface with C++?
In what situations with UX do you use one tool or method over another?
Is Android's user interface written in Java?
Is it possible to interface VFD with AVR series through lab view?
What is the complete list of syllabus in UI?
What don't you like about the new LinkedIn web design and interface?
What is the ICAT course fee for UI design and development?
What tools do you use to design micro-interactions for mobile UI?
Which app's user interface do you like: Flipkart or Amazon?
How much does an entry level UI/UX designer earn in India?
How is it important to use specific prototyping tool for UX designer/Researcher?
What is HackerYou's part-time UX curriculum like?
What UI design will never go out of style?
What is new Ui design trends using this year?
Is it possible to design a “Fill in the blanks” type format in a linear layout in Android?
Is there a "Sketch" (UI design tool) equivalent for creating video ads?
What would be a good option for designing a front end or a GUI for multiple Python scripts that are used for automation?
Can we get a book on Cracking the UI/UX interview?
What is your day like as a User Interface Game Programmer / UI engineer?
What is one trait you wish more UX designers had?
Which is the best react component base on webpage?
Is Unity3D good for making great complex GUIs, if I don't need native controls/features?
Can I apply for immigration to Canada, as a UI/UX designer?
Is there any architect who has become a UX designer?
What do you think is the most intuitive user interface ever created?
Does Snapchat have a growth team?
How do I include zoom options in a page created using alloy UI framework?
What will be the biggest UX-UI design trends in 2017?
What are the best university for styding interactive design (UI & UX) in Europe?
Which are best programs to become UX/UI in Toronto?
Which website is most useful for UI design in Android?
How do I research about user mental models and UI based on cloud computing?
Is there an API to notify a website user via WhatsApp of a new inbox message?
How it is to work as a Demo engineer/Web UI engineer at Salesforce Hyderabad?
Is there anyway to make the entire Xcode UI dark instead of default white?
Where can I learn about live projects or past projects to begin my carrier as UI developer?
Which one is better to choose, Salesforce developer or UI developer?
Why do banks use such antiquated program interfaces?
Do I have to consider the functionality when doing Daily UI?
Does Quora have a design language?
How do I learn User Interface (UI) design on my own? What are the best books for a beginner to learn UI design?
Why is process important for UX design?
Should I learn jQuery or jQuery UI?
How can I switch off the French Quora interface?
What is the System UI, and how do I get it working when it stopped?
Is there any default super class for interface?
Why do most websites change their UI every 3 months?
What are some useful tips for beginners UI/UX designers?
What UI technology is used by GitHub Inc.?
Is it possible to use Arduino(Uno) to display User Interface in a monitor?
What advice would you give a new entrepreneur in the UI and UX business wanting to provide a range of digital solutions for big corporates?
What do you think about the privacy settings of the new LinkedIn UI released in early 2017?
Why do you use implements in an interface but not extends?
Which is better for a web designer to learn first UI or UX?
How is the demand for UI developers in the present and future days?
What is the sequential navigation model for non-modal tasks?
How should I start preparing for user design or user experience?
How can I create an interface where users can read books online?
Should UI designers sell templates or provide custom UI design service?
Why Android is so famous even after having such a bad UI?
What are some of the most creative examples of user interface?
What does the user interface of a Scud missile look like?
What were the top UI frameworks in 2016?
What are the interfaces of a web application?
What is the best Source to learn JavaScript for a rookie UI Dev?
What is the best way to describe the connection between user experience (UX) and customer experience (CX) in modern commerce?
Is there any difference between web and mobile UX/UI?
What's the best website to learn UI/UX?
Which company gives higher salary to UI/UX designers?
How could the TSA end-user experience be improved while maintaining the same level of security?
What are some current phone applications that has bad user experience?
What is the meaning of the phrase "key user experience"? What is the difference between "key user experience" and "user experience"?
How good is grad industrial design (MFA) in SCAD? Career fair opportunities? Can I learn UX or IXD over there?
Which are the best UI/UX studios for designing clear financial experiences?
What are common challenges for designing software on small screen devices?
Why should you learn UI UX designing/development?
What are the languages to use in UX?
If G3 Systems, Inc. consults companies and governments on "User Interface Design," why does it have an outdated website?
What will be the top UX/UI design trends for web designer in 2017?
What programs can help develop a UI that can be imported into Android Studio?
When will Quora have a better UI than the error-prone one now?
How do I enable Ribbon UI for LibreOffice 5.3 Update?
What is hardware user interface?
Why is the iPhone iOS UI so bad?
What do designers think of LinkedIn's 2017 UI update?
How could Promethea's UX be improved?
What would a windowless desktop environment look like?
What is a list of things that you think makes LinkedIn's UI so bad?
What is your review of the UI/UX curriculum at Bitmaker Labs?
I am a UI/UX designer, I love interacting with different people, Is there any job for a designer suitable for this?
What are some of the cheapest but most reliable audio interfaces?
What are the best tools for User Onboarding on Website Forms?
Does studying web design encompass both UI and UX design?
Can the motto "if you have to explain your user interface, then it isn't good" extend to complex applications as well?
Is there a lightweight software solution for integrating use cases involving serveral legacy systems in a new, simple web UI?
What day rate should I charge for doing UI, Visual and UX design work in London, having had over 10 years of experience?
Will UI jobs be replaced by automation?
What is the interface that Jarvis uses and why is it not in new PCs?
How do I view a LinkedIn profile in private view in new UI?
What are beautiful web designs for prominently featuring a search bar?
How good is symbiosis institute of design for UI/UX design? How are the placements there?
Why software user interface design is so minimalistic compared to the late 2000s?
How do you create a teletext interface in the browser?
Will using a UAD Apollo interface as the sole interface with Pro Tools work well?
How can I design my website according to the Android UI?
What advice would UI/UX designers have for someone who just became a junior UI/UX designer?
What's the best way to learn UI/UX designing, at home?
Can you describe an app with the worst ever user interface?
Should I tell my manager that I am not satisfied with the coding logic, performance, UI and use of deprecated functions in our Android application?
What are some good examples of UX comparative analysis?
Who are the top authors and researchers in tangible interaction (design) / Tangible user interfaces?
Do you hold your phone with home button on left or right?
How can I make custom UI in Android studio?
What's your opinion about the new (2017) LinkedIn interface?
What is the typical salary for a User Interface designer (not UX designer) in Calgary Canada?
What is the difference between usability and a user interface?
What is UI online course?
What does it take for a frehser to become a UI developer?
Why some people have the new modern UI on LinkedIn, but mine is still the old UI?
Are there any opportunities currently for UI developers in Hyderabad?
Can Unity UI buttons be activated by touch if the game is built into mobile?
What are the update's on social media UX design for 2017?
Why does user experience in website design matter?
What does a good UI developer portfolio website look like?
What are examples of unintended outcomes of UX or UI decisions?
Why does Amazon Android app has a bad UI?
How much does it cost to hire a freelance web designer?
I suck as a developer and want to improve, what can I do?
Will LinkedIn offer an option to restore the previous user interface? I have seen only negative comments about the new one.
What is Apple and Microsoft equivalent of Google's Material Design?
What is the user interface for Instagram?
What can I study for creating Technology human interfaces?
Why is there a Chinese character used in the Google Translate icon?
What is the latest high end system configuration for UI design?
How long does it take for a UI/UX designer to learn motion design?
Which is the best institute for UI designing course in Chennai?
Is it possible to get an entry-level job in UX just by taking short courses HTML/CSS, prototyping, wireframe, interface design, sketching, etc.?
Shall I use material design for app UI designing?
What's the best UI designing service?
What do you hate about Justdial?
What are some tools with a friendly UI that non-developers could use for data entry in JSON documents?
How can I recover cleared recent tasks in Android or hide the close all button?
Is it good to show album covers on the lock screen of Mac?
Do people other than me really dislike the new LinkedIn user interface?
Will UI design be a stable job for the years to come?
I have recently joined Deloitte and was put in SI in Java project. My interest lies in UX designing. Is it possible to switch projects?
What is the code behind the BigInteger interface?
What's the best way to share UI components across multiple projects?
Which field is good? Sales force developer or UI developer?
What do you need to know in order to build an Android user interface?
What is a good video to get someone interested in learning UX design?
Why are UI/UX terms used interchangeably?
Can virtual network interfaces work in parallel?
Where can we search for UI developer Jobs in Delhi?
What is the Tradecraft UI/UX curriculum focused on?
How do I write horizontal mega drop down menu?
How can I avoid virtual interfaces manipulated by hackers?
When and why do we use IEnumrable, ICollection and the IList interface?
How important is the UI design of a SaaS/B2B platform?
Why does not Microsoft provide a transparent UI in explorer?
What details should a visual designer know about UI frameworks?
Is a bfa in graphic and interactive design a good degree for UI/UX?
In what ways can I route between interfaces in pfSense?
Are there any colleges in Kolkata who has a course related to User Interface and User Experience designing (interaction designing)?
Why don't my digital assistants use my chosen TTS voice?
Which are the best interface design colleges abroad?
Should I learn 3D animations for UX Design?
Which is the best university to study UX design in Europe?
What are the uses of the network interface card?
How do UI/UX designers work?
Why doesn't Quora make it's UI more simple?
In what ways, if any, is Thumbtack bringing new changes to the user interface to improve the chances of getting hired?
Would an intro animation class be very useful in UX or UI design?
What are some classes outside of my uni's curriculum that I should take for UX design?
What is the best set of UI components (with a powerful data grid) for a single-page HTML5 CSS3 application?
What is new trend in testing a social media application apart from regular software testing (Functional, UI, System, Performance, API, Security etc)?
Which framework is better, PrimeFaces or Bootstrap, for a responsive UI layout?
What is the best skillset for UI developer?
Where can I join weekend classes for UX UI and web development in Delhi NCR?
What is meant by interface?
Who is the head of corporate recruiting at Twitter?
What are the best institute in USA and UK that provide UX/UI design training?
Which mobile OS has better user interface?
What were the web design trends of 2016?
How do I use UI Slider to set the sizes of cloth?
What is the best way to implement a smooth functioning user interface in an embedded product with a touchscreen, QT, HTML 5 or something else?
Why are motion graphics important?
Is it safe to design interfaces and code websites with resolution set to scale at "More Space (1680 x 1050)" on a Mac?
What is the future of mobile user experience?
Does UIPath have an interface to SAP?
Why is the placement of Amazon.com's UI elements (desktop browser) inconsistent?
Why is UI/UX dominating the design industry?
How much should I charge for a single page website?
What is the best language to create visual interface of clusters with nodes and edges?
What is user interface designer grade in Infosys?
Why does Chrome does not let to customize it's UI through extension?
What are some disciplines that are particularly useful in User Experience Design?
What are some "must-watch" videos for UX designers?
What are some good resources for designing user interfaces for television?
What are the main challenges in UI Development?
What is your review of KV Labs' Android App?
Does the Android's customisability provide a better user experience than the iOS’s less customisable but consistent design interface?
Why are all modern OS interface “categoryless”?
Are there professional user experience designers for Websites?
Why doesn't LibreOffice improve its UI?
What are the best books on UI for web application under €/$100?
What is the best way for create nice forms and beautiful UI in Java?
How is the feature of UI developer?
Are there tools for making a web based user interface optimized for finger use, like manipulating levers, sliders and toggles?
I am not liking my digital analytics implementation job, should I start working as a Ui developer again?
What are currently the best ideas about UI/UX design?
What is the course content for UI developer as a fresher and experience?
What is MetaLab's main UI design methodology based off?
What is the usual starting salary of a UI/UX designer at a startup based in New York?
What are some good Material Design blogs to learn UI Design from?
Are virtual interfaces used in the source codes?
What would be the best UI frameworks for PostgreSQL?
What is a web based interface?
Can I do a beautiful and modern graphic interface in Java?
Someone on the team has a strong opinion about how a certain feature, but you disagree that it is a good user experience. How do you approach this?
How do I add a customize dropdown button in ckeditor?
How do I fix no drop down menu on desktop?
What programming languages will be/are used to produce AR and VR interfaces?
What is the basic package of a UI/UX designer at Paytm?
Why does Ubuntu keep using the Unity UI?
Which is best UI coding books?
Which website have best user interface?
How can I get a UX job, without direct visual design experience?
Is a UX graphic design course sufficient for entry-level UX design jobs?
What unpopular opinions do you have about user experience design?
What UI library offers the best prices for the small teams of developers?
Is Redux.js implementing a finite state machine for frontend UI?
How should a beginner in User Experience(UX) design practice UX design?
How has social interface design evolved since the earliest applications through what we see today?
What does it mean to have "criteria" in decision making as a senior UX designer?
What are some good tips for Quora, as a compnay, to enhance user experience?
I’m a 43-year-old graphics designer. Is it advisable to get into UI design?
Is Coolpad 3s running in a cool UI?
What JavaScript Frameworks offer the most extensive documentation?
What are the three unique strategies to accomplish an ideal UX?
How do I create a profitable and lean design firm?
How do I remove skills with "new LinkedIn desktop experience" UI?
Is there any user interface for rules engine to use in our projects?
What are good examples of a seat selection UI for mobile?
Does Quora have any UI usability experts on staff?
What iOS UI components tend to be easiest for developers to implement under time pressure?
What is the UI KIT for movesum?
What are the best free resources to learn Android UX/UI design and material design?
Should Quora come up with a better interface?
Can it be worthwhile to pursue a utility patent on a user interface concept if it's significantly “novel and non-obvious”?
Has anyone used Buysomebitcoins.com and had a positive user experience?
What happens when we combine both VR/AR with UI/UX, and how will the output for next future generation 2017?
As a new UI designer, should I learn Sketch or Adobe Xd?
Is it possible to interface a seven-segment using a Windows 10 GPIO?
How would you feel if Quora's logo and UI was written in Comic Sans?
Which programming jobs never require UI coding?
Which company developed Bharat Interface for Money (BHIM) application?
What are some resources to understand the user working, I mean how GUI Back-end works?
If I made a blog about programming and design, would you like to be a contributor?
How well is it use term Crowdsource in web application to accept correction and curation in terms of user experience?
How Are UI components converted to Binary and presented to the computer's CPU?
In the factory design pattern, is it necessary for the client to use the interface of the product rather than the concrete product itself?
How do I convert iPhone UI screens to iPad view resolution?
Why Facebook Messenger UI seems slower than WhatsApp even after they improved?
How do I create a list view with buttons and search interface for the same?
I need a list of good design companies in Bombay. Can somebody help?
How would a student get UX/UI design experience during their time at university?
How can I design my app so that it makes good use of 3D touch on iPhone?
What is a page break that is inserted to force the text onto a new page on Microsoft Word?
What are some of the classes I can take for UX design?
Why Apple's iOS UI/UX is not better?
Is there a need for a UX designer as part of an in-house SalesForce team? If so, what would they do that would be different from business analysts?
Which eText platform has the best user experience?
Do you think that the UI/UX of the Bhim app could have been better?
I want to start learning SAAS and eventually being a UI developer? How do I start?
How does a UI/UX specialist or product manager test the viability of an idea rather than simply testing a particular instantiation of an idea?
Is upvote/downvote behavior a good UX practice to rate the quality of content? If not, what are better behaviors to rate the quality of content?
How much does user experience researcher make?
How will artificial intelligence developments affect our user interfaces and software designs? Are we going to continue to fill in the text fields?
What are the best training institutes for UI or a front end developer in the NCR?
What does mean Basic Rate Interface?
Why are most of tech startups taking UX lightly?
How do I make UI to indicate question text is editable?
Why can't programs and installers, etc., get progress bars to be smooth and accurate?
If you had two products and had to ask one question of users to determine which they preferred more, what would you ask?
Why don't sites like Craigslist and Wikipedia update their design to be more modern?
What are the steps need to follow for becoming a pro UI/UX designer in web and mobile?
Does Quora use a React-like(Facebook’s React.js) library for dynamic user interface?
Which field have very good career growth Big data or UI?
How can we implement AR/VR in UI / UX websites?
How is it to work at InMobi as a UI developer in late 2016?
Is Designing Visual Interfaces (Mullet & Sano) still a good book?
Where can I get good tutorials for mirth interface engine?
What are examples of user growth rates for desktop applications?
Can a BTech student become a UI designer?
What is the distinction between a view and a user interface?
What is the best practice that can be followed for a UI level integration of AEM site and a Non-AEM site?
Have mobile keyboards really developed since their inception?
How can I get the old LinkedIn interface back?
A business owner told me he doesn't want to invest in a website because his market is over the age of 50. What is a good argument to combat his claim?
What is the mindset and ability that a UX manager should have?
What are your views on Quora adding infinitely scrolling "Related Questions" at the bottom of question pages?
Where should I start if I want to learn mobile UI design.
Are you interested in UI/UX? Can you share your portfolio?
How do you build a portfolio in User experience design if you’re just starting out for the first time?
On a scroll one page website, how do I get the user to come back to the contact form area that is at the bottom of the page after clicking submit?
What are some helpful tips to build better mobile app? How should we plan development (UI, UX, Functionality, Publicity etc.) of the app?
Are there any good companies in Kolkata who is into User Interface and User Experience designing?
How can I create a business proposal with a good UI even if I don't have a graphic designer?
Which one is the best tool that can be used to design web user interface?
What are the challenges for UI developers?
How do your draw icons and UI elements?
Will it be too late for me to learn hard coding since I focus on UX Design?
Is it good to swap from UI developer to interior designer?
Is it necessary to override all the methods of an interface?
What are some good resources on Material Design?
Which webmail service provider has the best user interface?
What I have to study to become a UI designer?
At what stage of app development is UI design required? Especially when working on a new startup/app.
As a self-taught UI/UX designer in India, what was your journey to getting your first entry-level job?
What are some good mobile app designs to look at as references for a beginner UX designer?
Why is Quora making the mobile UI so awful?
How can I rescalle an mdpi design for Android UI to other resolutions in PS?
What is the difference between a good and bad user experience researcher?
What is the latest in flat character design?
How do you adjust memory usage in soap UI?
I want to create a Windows application which is used for taking online exams over the same network. How do I make the user interface and the back end?
Is there any EDA software that actually has a good UI?
How can I create complex and awesome user interface for Android development?
How can I build something similar to Coggle's front-end?
Where can we get more UI/UX jobs, Canada or Australia?
Is there any scope of UX designers in Nepal?
Are there any apps' UI designed like Quora?
What is an example of a non user-facing application?
Do I need to hire a graphic or UI/UX designer when I have a programmer building a social media tool with Ruby on Rails?
Who have experience of using user testing?
Should I take psychology classes or an art/design minor for UI/UX design?
What are some UX best practices for user account creation and onboarding through walkthrough features?
What is the scope for SoapUI in the market at the moment?
How can I get a job at Facebook as UI/UX engineer?
What are the best ways to search for UI/UX jobs in multiple cities?
How do I make custom UI's with Meteor?
What is the best used resolution (desktop) for UI Design?
Will graphical user interfaces ever be taken over by voice user interfaces?
Is there any software available for Windows Phone UI design?
What are the differences between a designer, senior designer and principal designer?
How do I write horizontal drop down menu?
Are there any certifications for UI or frontend developers which I can do to enhance my coding skills?
Do you feel that the new changes in Facebook UI/UX is very bad?
Which is the best university to pursue UX/UI design masters in Australia?
How do I make my MuZic app Android music player UI more beautiful?
What is the important factors when choosing colors for UI design?
What are the best online institute that provide UX/UI design training?
How do I design UI for Bright Sunlight?
What are all the tools to be known for UI designer?
What is the best tool for prototyping an interface preview for the client?
Which user experience (UX) and product design events do you want to attend in 2017?
Which is the latest best highly paid front end technology (UI/UX) with high scope in India?
How do I launch a converted Qt4 to Python UI?
Does user experience create conversions?
What do you not like about the Quora interface?
Is colour graphical interface is possible with atmega 16?
What should the key skills required for a UI Developers?
Is it fine to change the interface of mobile?
Which field is better UX designer (No Coding) or UI developer?
What recruiters look in a junior UX designer?
Can a person who doesn't have technical background or graphic designing knowledge become UI and UX designer?
Why do people think voice UIs are the future?
How do I build an Android App with killer UI?
How do I make my music player app UI more beautiful?
What are some resources for Android animations on UI components?
Is there a PC alternative for Sketch (design software)?
Do mobile manufacturers (Android) earn any profit by creating their personalised version of UI ? If yes, then how?
What are the best institutes in India that provide UI/UX design training?
How can i make my app UI more beautiful?
How do l use human interface in androids?
When building a chatbox AI, what are some important tools you can use in the user interface?
How should I handle my center aligned body content with a revealable side-nav on wide screens?
What is the future of chatbot UI?
Where have we seen an example of the best UI for iOS?
What is the best way to switch from being an IT professional in another technology to UI UX designer?
How do parallel and serial interfaces differ?
Which is better for a developer, UI or programming?
Can a programming language designed on geometry could control binary?
Why has Quora screwed up its UI again, making pop-up answers vanish before you finish reading the answer?
I'm a UI developer with not much of a portfolio. What should I put on my personal site?
Is Interface design a stable job?
What is your design goal for 2017?
What is the importance of UI (User Interface Design) design for digital marketing?
Why did Quora redesign the menu bar (July 17 2012)?
Is interface a concept in c++?
What are the menu patterns for mobile apps?
What are the key components/interfaces of DOM Parsing?
Will really fast and responsive user interfaces ever become the norm?
What is the easiest software for use by a beginner for UI design? Ekoro
How easy is it to set up a mobile app?
What are your favourite wire framing tools for UI design?
How can I get a UI developer job in Amazon India?
How do you control a robot wirelessly using a hand drawn sketch computer interface? What tool should you use?
I want to start learning about UI/UX. Which are the language and other skills required?
How does FTP server works with a Mac?
Should a web developer also know UX design?
Where should I put the code that updates texts in the UI, like player health and ammunition count?
What are the difference between RPA tools like blueprism vs Openspan vs UI Path?
Why do so many UI developers think backend will go away?
What should I major in if Im interested in front end dev, UI design, 3D design, and virtual reality?
Which technologies does LinkedIn uses for user interface apart from HTML and CSS?
Can a browser extension add additional UI elements to a webpage?
Why are UI/UX designers paid more than web developers?
What are some good user testing feedback questions that is geared more towards visual design that I can use for a typical news site?
Can you be successful as both a programmer and a UI designer?
Why is JBoss Errai not well known? It has great documentation and makes it possible to bring server side best practices to UI code.
How can machine vision be used to enhance UX? What are some best practices to use while designing interfaces for machine/device vision?
How many CTA buttons should I put on a home page? Is there any research about it? I want to know if there is any best practice.
What skills do you need to become a UI developer?
Is it good idea to have similar UI as Facebook?
What is the SLA for a UI designer?
What is the best UI widgets library for a startup?
What is the best UI design blog?
How is the pay package for UI and Graphic Designers in India (Considering one is a self taught designer)?
Is focus-stealing in graphical computer UIs really necessary?
Lost interest in UI designing and development. What can I do?
Where will I find best online course for soap UI?
Who are the foremost experts in user experience design for voice interaction?
Are mobile interactions such as drag and slide or swipe familiar enough to translate to desktop use?
Who are the best New York tech recruiters focusing on UI/UX?
Is it good to recruit UI or UX designers with multiple skills?
What is your solution to an online form (registration/application) which requires details from 2 people?
How do I evaluate an information visualization interface with UX methods?
Am I allowed to use bootstrap templates to create website themes and sell them?
How can I switch my career from graphic designer to UI/UX designer?
Is it easier to find an entry level position as a UX designer or as a web developer?
Can you suggest a Python console UI?
Windows operating system is a graphical user interface operating system What is the another user interface?
What sort of user research should be done before designing a brand new website?
Do you think it's time for Apple to overhaul the iOS interface?
Is there any tool available to generate material design UI xml for Android?
How is Monash University for masters of design? Is it good for specialising into UX/UI design or interaction design?
What is the Advanced Central Interface Unit (ACIU)?
I am a mechanical engineer from MIT currently working for Infosys BPO. I would like to shift my career into UI/UX designing. Where do I start?
Can we make a better PATA interface?
Is it possible to write GUI applications (non-game apps) with cocos2d given that it provides basic UI components?
On newer Android versions, why do you have to hold two buttons in order to capture a screenshot instead of shortly pushing them?
Which subject should I take after 10 if I want to be a UX designer?
Is there any Predix UI components available for mobile app design?
What is the future prospect of C# Coded UI? Is it alright to continue with this technology or should I jump ship?
Is there a way to recover cleared Android notifications?
What are some best travel blog websites (UX/UI Design)?
I'm new to SOAP UI testing. Where should I start? What are the prerequisites to start to learn SOAP UI testing?
How do I find a UI designer job in Maryland?
How do you begin to develop a configurable UI application using JavaFX?
How musixmatch floating lyrics in android creates floating window?
Is it copyright violation if I copy UI of another Android app?
What courses would be especially helpful for UX design?
What are the functions bloggers fundamentally need when buying a web blog theme nowadays?
Is Automated testing on the UI worth the Effort?
Does anyone work with gurobi python interface?
What's the best universities in France for a Master degree in Design UI /UX for international students ?
What are some good examples for exclude filter UX?
Should Quora use a card-style UI like Google Now?
What is the most common UI/UX checklists that should be considered in testing?
Where can I find a simple checklist to making a really good small business website?
How do I get into UX design with no experience?
What is a good UI design for casual game website?
I want to pursue a career in InteractiveDesigning. Which are the best colleges in US that will provide a course in IxD or UI UX?
Do you prefer to read ebooks using vertical scrolling, or by turning pages horizontally?
How can I improve user interface part of my nano project?
I’m moving from GA to FL. How should I handle my ongoing UI claim?
Can I write user defined marker interface?
How do you know how many rounds (iterations) of usability testing do you need before a project begins?
Where can I find examples of Admin Portal UI design to support management of users, configuration, and content?
Would graphic design be safe from the AI trend?
Are user interfaces becoming commoditized and thus reducing the need for interaction designers?
What are some of the preferred tools to build up a basic user interface?
What are the things to consider when adopting UI Framework like Kendo UI?
Will Apple replace OS X with iOS or add touch/pen support to OS X in order to compete with Microsoft?
Are employers in your local job market, expecting "UX designers" to do UX, UI and front-end development?
How would you compare the post-WW2 functional architecture and the 2010′s flat UI design?
What are the best trendy website for UI/UX?
What skills should I test while hiring a UI developer?
What is the best way to get inspiration on how to prototype a system dashboard tool?
As a UX designer, what is the fastest way to learn visual design?
Is desktop web UI development still worth studying?
Who made the UI design and development of Trump's website?
What is the area containing pull down menu option called?
Which are the best books for UX designers?
Do UI designers work on desktops or laptop?
How can I make awesome and advance UI components in iOS?
Could anyone suggest some rich UI pattern screens?
Is there anyway to change the coding challenge interface of FreeCodeCamp?
Why did Quora remove the photo of writers in the answers?
How can I improve the UX on homeup.ca?
What are the best ways for a (mobile) developer to learn UI and UX design?
When has UX (user experience) changed history?
What is the device designed to read information encoded into a small plastic card?
What is the best way to start studying UI/UX for AR?
What are the best courses for UX design in Mumbai/Pune which also provides placements?
How is user interface (UI) made in Android?
I have started learning Semantic UI framework. Do I have to write JavaScript to control each and every style of Semantic UI?
What are your experiences with behavioral design?
How can a system be designed to be used by experienced and first-time users?
How would you create a dashboard that should show status and system stats for more than 150 servers?
Which are the websites/ apps with one of the best UX/UI designs globally?
How many jobs are there for UX developers?
What the heart mean in the bottom right corner of direct message?
What is the diffrence between vibe UI and Android UI?
Are apps like Airbnb, Uber or Foursquare could function without a Google map?
UX: What are best practices for handling app errors in a "user friendly" way?
Is there an IC which counts number of pulses and stores the count in Internal rom and having I2C interface to internal ROM?
What is an interface icon?
Are there UX/UI bootcamps in Europe?
How is UX/UI designing different from competitive programming? Is there any way that these two are interrelated?
Is there a good alternative to Sketch (UI design program) that works on PC?
Who provides UI/UX training for professionals in Pune?
How can I add UI design projects to my portfolio?
What are your ways to make your website UI Design stand out from the crowd?
What are the best starter kits having a good user interface elements ready for React Native?
Do/Should mobile UX designers take into accounts the sustainability of the app's future changes and maintenance? How?
What are everyday examples of placebo buttons in hardware interfaces?
What are the best UX/UI design places suggested for internships in Delhi or Gurgaon?
Is taking the CareerFoundry UI design course worth it for beginners?
What is the best application or platform for drawing mockups/prototypes for a UI with a Wacom tablet?
What are other UI/UX designers like Meng To that actually created an iOS app in the app store and have a book or tutorial I can learn or buy from?
What is the difference between CRD and RBD in design of experiments?
Is the UX/UI bootcamp of Iron Hack good?
What is the best job for someone who loves building interfaces that interact with data systems and is in the process of acquiring data science skills?
Can I find UI/UX designers on ThunderQuote?
For a job transition into UX, is it worth taking a course at the bloc or a general assembly? Which would you recommend most?
Which software or website helps to organize different screen of application?
What is the acceptable UI quality level for a startup project at beta test stage?
How much better is the interface in Quicken 2017?
What are some of the biggest mistakes that beginner UI designers make when designing interfaces?
What is clickjacking, and how do I protect myself from becoming a victim?
What are the best tools for in-app product feedback?
How do I shape my career from a UI/UX designer to a visualiser?
I want to be a UI/UX designer. Which course in which college should I consider that would help me studying abroad for the masters?
How do I design a tool that will allow the user to specify the next cache block access?
What is the difference between operator interface and engineering interface in industries?
What is the highest position for UI/Frontend developers?
We have redesigned our eCommerce site "PriyoShop.com" recently. Would you suggest your valuable opinion to improve user experience?
How can I find a great UI/UX grad student to do some work for me (while he/she is still in school)?
How do I remove the network interface on Mac?
What is special about blackberry's user interface?
What do people feel about the interface of database applications?
How can I get a ten foot UI on my Mac Mini?
Is Snapchat's UI intentionally unintuitive?
Is there a weekend course available in Mumbai for UI/UX design?
Why is the topic of UX & UI so supposedly "process is everything" heavy and "made to sound complicated"?
What does the user experience designer do once a product is release?
How do I document a dialogue or a screen design of the user interface of some application software with a screenshot?
In a “Clutch for winch drum”, should the torque be calculated assuming a uniform distribution of interface pressure OR the rate of wear at the interface?
What are the benefits of having iOS and Android apps looking the same as opposed to each device looking native?
Is there any guiding principle for using the Gutter space in web products (websites, mobile sites, mobile apps)?
Are UI designers responsible for corporate identity/branding?
What is the right tool for querying a database in a user friendly interface?
Why does no OTA focus the user experience in choosing the right Hotel?
What course I have to do to be a UX/UI designer?
What apps for iOS are available for designing UI's?
By connecting apps into Slack it can now act as your interface (console) to many web apps. Are there any similar alternatives to such approach?
Does UI designing have to do with only designing or also developing? I mean, am I supposed to create a full app/website with databases and all?
What are the clickable info boxes with images called?
Which is the good UI testing tool for QT based application on Quora?
What are the dream companies for UI/UX designer?
Would you agree that graphical user interfaces made humans less tech savvy?
What steps or design process do you take when redesigning a new UI?
What criteria do design managers use when hiring a UI designer?
Why doesn't Google update Gmail to a more modern nicer UI?
Why can't software, such as Win10's mail, have an option to use a older UI when the user is not interested in any new features?
Which is the right place to become a professional in Coded UI Training?
What are the questions I need to ask myself and my users when designing a UI for an interactive educational app?
How should Quora mobile UI/UX be improved?
Is there an app that helps you organize user interfaces for sketch?
What is the best way to manage different user interfaces for different counties?
What is interface action?
How can I change from UI designer to UX designer?
How can I achieve user role permissions like in Google cloud platform?
What do designers think of the user interfaces on the tablets in Westworld?
How do I make UI video style effects in Unity?
What are the skills required to design an augmented reality UI & UX?
How do I convert a B2C eCommerce website into a B2B eCommerce website?
I am pursuing master’s degree related to UX/UI. What programming should I learn?
What are the complications with creating super customized unity plugins, specifically with creating custom UI menus?
Are they using this points and where in Twitter's GUI: dialogue intitative, multi threading, task migratability, substitutivity, customizability?
How can I access a web interface using Smoothwall?
What should developers do to deal with designers who pay merely little attention to UX problems?
Can anyone help me to find companies need UI designers?
How can I improve user experience of my website?
What are the different fields user experience designers can get into?
Is black text on a lighted background or lighted text on a black background easier for readability?
Realistically, is it reasonable to expect success in the UX design field for someone who does not have a background in graphic or visual design?
Can I become a UI/UX designer with my degree?
What should I expect as the first UX designer in an enterprise software organisation?
Which function is more user friendly fwrite() or fpritnf()?
How do I build a UI scheduler in HTML 5?
Do the web designers design webpages from scratch? Is there any graphical tool you use instead of directly writing HTML/CSS codes from the very start?
Which is the best online training for UI Design?
How do I run a user interface on a touch screen?
I'm starting a cool innovative, website (and app) but need help with the user experience -- how do I find an inexpensive and good UI person?
Would I be able to use coherent UI with Unity Personal version?
What type of a digital interface do you use to access Quora?
What are some good examples of web forms which offer postcode lookup but also allow for browser auto-fill?
What are the ways to blend SEO with user experience in web design?
Is it possible to create an Android app that does not have a UI?
Would an Art and Design minor be especially useful for a prospective UX/UI designer?
Is there any question paper generator application in the market with a good UI?
In 2017, what UX/UI/CX conferences or events in the Los Angeles greater area should I attend?
Is there any tool to simulate the End User Experience based on pixel recognition?
What skills do we need along with UI development to get highly paid?
Where can I learn UX design in Egypt?
What are the steps that companies can do to overcome the issues you’ve identified with poor user interface associated with ERP applications?
What could be the next step of career for UI/UX designers?
What new and cool features would you like to have on a car for a better user experience?
I really dislike (to put it mildly) the new Quora UI/UX. Both web and mobile. Am I the only one?
Why does the Quora committee not work at all to improve its present horrible mobile interface?
Where can I learn Axure UI design software in Mumbai?
How can I improve my website UX?
Does a UX/UI designer need to know 3D skills?
What are some examples of user interfaces that present multiple articles simultaneously (as full content, not just summaries)?
How to learn web UI design for stunning website?
What are some effective methods to filter user generated content programmatically?
How do you rate LinkedIn's user interface?
What is the best UI/UX design bootcamp?
How do you interact with users?
How can I prepare UI related jobs?
Should I pursue a career in UI/UX Design or in online marketing?
Which is the best banking app (Indian or international) you have used, in terms of UX and UI?
Is the CMU MHCI program suitable for someone interested in intelligent user interfaces?
How much of Quora's UI/UX design has changed since it started?
What are some good blogs / resources for "expert user" interface design?
How difficult was using or moving to the new ERP system based on UI and navigating either for technical and non-technical users?
Where can I find freelance User Experience designers around the world?
How many UX designers are in the Google Android team?
Is a business minor good for a prospective UX/UI designer?
What kind of UI courses are good to become a Web designer?
What is the best examples of UI design?
Which is the best online training for User Interface Design Course?
Why don't websites/apps combine their hamburger menu and notifications menu?
Is Origami Studio a good substitute for Framerjs?
It's 2016. Why won't my homescreen and my lockscreen rotate?
What is the best cross-platform mobile app development framework that supports creating a UI once and using it for all platforms?
What are the best interfaces to open ldap?
What branches of math is generally used for mobile UI programming?
what is user login?
Is Quora interface changed improved today?
Why does iOS have a great UI?
What is the salary of UI developer in Australia?
How can I integrate IBM Watson conversation service with my own user Interface?
Which one would your prefer for Window Buttons, Left or Right?
What are best way to get trained in Coded UI automation?
Why doesn't Quora work to enhance its horrible mobile interface?
What do Quorans think about Olia Lialina's "Rich User Experience, UX and Desktopization of War"?
On average, how long does it take to design the UI of an app?
What is a good UI design pattern for displaying a few data points for a lot of items?
What are the implications of adding recently visited items to search?
Where can I find some UI design patterns for discussions?
When did people start referring to GUI designer as UI designer?
Why is Sketch considered a requirement for UX roles?
Been doing UI/UX design for 4 years and I'm stuck and the spark is gone. How can I get past this?
When creating software UI, do you design every screen with their specific images and text or do you create templates for the Dev to follow?
What are the best restaurant mobile app design company?
What are some great online networking techniques for UI/UX designers?
How do I put a new UI on top of a page that is a frameset?
How can you protect the functional character of a User Interface (UI)?
How would the future generations relate to traditional computer icons?
Why does Quora mobile UI/UX look different from other apps and trends?
How do UI designers keep themselves busy? I am idling 80% of the time.
What are examples of possible practical daily-life uses of swarm user interfaces?
What color schemes would be appropriate for a medical application?
What design problems as an User Experience designer have you faced and how do you come up with the solution?
What's a good way to find freelance UI designer work?
Are we already seeing the 'silent' transition to reductive user interface?
When creating a brand for your website, at what point in the design process do you create a logo?
Where do software designers learn about entrepreneurship & business?
What are the best clothing websites for UI?
What are the components of a network interface card?
What would be a good minor for a UI/UX designer?
How can we overcome multiple inheritance using interface?
What is become UI developer?
What are some free frameworks to design eye catching User Interface in C#?
What are the best UI designs for food ordering app?
Should I give my UI kit to an unknown research & dev team to download?
What are some commonly used tools when designing graphical user interfaces?
How do I get server remote access by using Linux graphical user interface RDP protocol?
What apps do you know that use steppers or similar design components that represent the completion of the process?
What would Quora be like with emojis?
What is an interface objects?
What should you learn first, UI or UX design?
What is best way to quick design modern UI for desktop app using WPF?
How can I change the interface language of the app "iKnow!"?
How does the user interact with Kaspersky?
How do front-end developers survive the surging of free website builders?
Why is Udev renaming interfaces?
What are the best UI designs for medical app?
Is it advisable to pursue a masters degree in UX/UI design after doing architecture?
Where can I find science of satisfaction in context user experience?
How do I create customized UI for Android?
Are the Flipkart Design team and Zeta Design team using same UI Assets and colour schemes of Housing.com?
How is it so difficult to make good UX?
How should I learn user interface, animation for Android app development?
Are conversational user interfaces going to replace teachers?
Can I do UI (not UX) design after doing graphic design?
What are the expectations of a UI architect?
What kind of skill set should a senior UI/UX developer have?
When do I use Frame Layouts (Design Android UI)?
Can UI and API test automation be done using a single framework for a website?
What are the best places to recruit User Experience designers wannabe around the world?
How do you make an element look like it's supposed to be hovered over?
How do I interface LPC2148 with touch?
Do you need to be a graphic designer to become a UI designer?
Web Design Best Practices: How do international review websites like TripAdvisor handle different currencies?
How can automate processes on web interface?
What are good examples of user interfaces which allow users to drill down into data using filters?
Can one interface extend another interface?
I can only output on the console with c++ but that is not enough for me I want to add a user interface how do I go about it?
Why some sites do not have global navigation menu?
What does the UI for agents working with Scientific Games (SG) Interactive look like?
What are some examples of a well designed command line interface?
What are the elements that users unconsciously drawn to?
Which iPhone apps do you think have ugly/bad UI design?
What do professional designers think of Apple's new UI design?
How do I set password panel in SCADA design interface in Wonderware?
Which mobile games have the best UI design?
How responsive web design aids in user interface and user experience?
What are the best ways to improve my UX/UI design skill?
I want to create an application which provides user interface for running basic SQL queries on database using C++. How should I proceed in this?
What are the best UX online courses to get a job in UX?
How can I switch my career from UI developer to UX designer?
I want to show my Ux/Ui skills on different existing services. Should I post them on Instagram?
Are these good colors for my web-development portfolio website? (Blue - #484B9C & Orange - #FF9800
How can I make my webApplication look more polished and compelling?
What is the best desktop class operating system for gesture based input?
Will it be a good decision if I want to switch my career from architect to UX designer?
What are some good examples of Progressive Disclosure used in Desktop or Mobile User Interfaces?
Do I need an audio interface?
Which is the most popular CSS framework in 2016?
Should a startup focus on UI/UX or get feedback/validation?
How has been the experience of users owning a Panasonic smartphone?
What are the guiding principles for using shadows in the card-based user interface designs?
How do I get a UI designer job?
How should I evaluate a UI/UX designer's portfolio?
How can I improve my UI and visual design skills?
Can an Android developer develop an app similar to a UI design for iOS?
Which tools does 360 anti virus uses for UI development?
How are programs with a user interface made?
What do you think of my Instagram, Snapchat, and Twitter layout redesign?
What are some of the best company for a user experience (UX) architect in Europe?
What are the Websites to refer for learning UI/UX for mobile app development?
Which criteria define a good SDK Interface?
When creating a UI for mobile, which device should I base it on?
I want to be a UX/UI designer, is de Anza"graphic and interactive design certificate" good for a career started?
Is the Google Now UI patented?
From a UX perspective, how does iOS 10 perform as a user interface?
How does a company qualify UX/UI designers?
What are the best Ui and Ux companies which are economical and efficient as well?
How do I develop website UI using progressive web apps?
Which are the top 10 Mobile app UI/UX engineer in Bangladesh?
What's the next step for the UX/UI designer working in Sketch to learn how to design complex interactions/animations?
What has been your experience while conducting user interviews for a UX Assignment/Project?
Do we really need a degree in user experience design for acquiring jobs abroad?
What should I learn as a beginner in UI/UX Design?
What is the best way to create an enterprise UX?
How far Android UI development is different from web UI development?
I am a beginner UI/UX app designer. When I am done designing in sketch, do I send the devs the sketch file or separate images of the app's content?
Can a knight start from left bottom corner and go to right top right corner of a chess board visiting each of remaining squares exactly once?
Which are the top UI/UX design firms or people in Seattle Area?
How good a UI can look that is designed in python?
What does it mean by "rendering the UI on the server so that the client can display the UI"?
How is user centred design related to user experience?
What are some worst examples of UI where progressive disclosure can used in interaction design?
What are some front-end technologies to create slick and friendly UI but easy to learn?
How do I apply UX UI interview at Accenture?
Where can my UX skills be transferable?
What are the best practices for UI/UX?
Do popular web services care about offering a good user experience for users who disable JavaScript in their browsers?
How can I study heuristics evaluation in UX/UI design?
What is the next trend in UI design after flat design?
Why do so many web landing page UX/UI tests revert back to the mean over time?
How can I train my in-house designers to deliver more intuitive and engaging web designs with amazing UI and UX?
What is a system interface and what are some examples?
What are some myths regarding mobile UI Testing?
What considerations should be taken in designing a user interface for disabled people?
What for daily UI & UX design practice?
What are the essential skills for UI developer?
Which are the most up to date, un-adopted and up voted Quora User suggestions of ways to improve the user experience on Quora?
Where can I find development companies who are looking to collaborate with Product/UI/UX consultants to provide a more complete solution?
Why should we use Dialer interface?
Does User experience have scope in future?
Why has Quora recently changed the answer previews to be one big paragraph, instead of keeping the original formatting?
How does ads hurt user experience in the app?
Is personalization killing user experience?
What are good guidelines when creating UI with an oriented graph?
Did you ever experience that your app suddenly gained huge number of users on one special day?
What are some UI inconsistencies in iOS 10?
What is the best SPICE variant that I can use with a text interface?
What is the best way to start building graphic user interfaces? I have coded for some time, had thought on doing it, but never begun;
As an extremely experienced user of R, what limitations do you find with the language and where would you like to see improvements?
What UI/UX and logo design contests await us in this year from those that have not end yet?
Is there any tool exist to facilitate implementation/creation of a Material Design interface?
What are the challenges developers experience in working with UX designers? How do they overcome them?
What is it like as a graphics designer moving to a UI and UX designer?
What books should app developers read in order to learn graphic/UX design?
What are the best practices when designing a responsive website in Sketch?
What are the best places to learn UX Design in Brazil?
I’m getting a new Mac to use for a Masters degree in HCI. Is 8GB of memory enough or do I need 16GB to do UX design?
Which are the top schools to apply to for a hands on bachelors program in Canada to be a UI/UX designer?
What are the pros and cons of Interface Builder?
Is there any way to choose a custom color as oppose to the 8 presets for OnePlus 3 UI color customization?
Does emotion ui use more battery than stock Android ui?
What is redline document in UI designing?
What do you think about Facebook UI?
What is the fastest way to create a web interface for a smart contract?
How can a UI/UX designer become a millionaire?
What are some of the best examples of great Ux design?
What keeps Google from creating some kind of museum of the looks of their old user interfaces?
How can I run the script EEGLAB directly without the graphical interface GUI?
May I know which tool is better for UI designer?
How can I get an interface builder?
Where can I find the names of the UI Patterns and/or Components used in modern websites?
Can you finish the UI design of an iOS app in one day?
How do I give an excellent UI look/design to the app I have developed?
Is it better to have functions spread out over multiple buttons on an interface or condense those functions into fewer buttons?
What is some good advice for a fresher joining the Indian UX Design industry?
As a user interface designer at a digital agency, how do you know for which size you should design for?
What are some key User Interface (UI) design differences between Android and iOS apps?
What is meant by an intuitive interface?
What do you think about the latest Quora UI of Sep 2016?
How many people hate the new Quora font & UI implemented on 27 Sept 2016?
What are the best UX / UI design agencies in Serbia?
Which job profile should I opt in the future in the field of UI / UX?
Designers, how common is trust-based team culture at your workplace?
Should a product manager know UI design?
What do you think of the typeface to interface exhibition at SFMoMA?
Which is the best software for user interface design?
How should I design a portfolio for UI and UX designer in a simple way?
Is a 44 khz audio interface professional quality?
Why would the characters “Ag” be used in the font preview in Typekit in Adobe?
What are the best resources for UI and UX design?
What is the importance of color order in UI design for a startup's git?
Are there any good UI Libraries for GoLang?
Who is the head UI/UX designer for Facebook Workplace?
What are the best practices for mobile-optimized web in case of landing page?
Does a computer’s OS use hiragana, katakana, or kanji in Japanese language?
What technologies is the new beta Origin client based off?
Who are some good UI/UX experts from India here on Quora?
Can we design UI with Magento?
What are the technical constraints of AngularJS that need to be considered in the UX phase of a responsive web design project?
Why doesn't Facebook use animations in their UI?
Can we train a bot to scrape apps even when the UI of the app is completely changed?
What is the difference between product design and UX design?
What is the best and easy-to-use user interface design tool?
Is UX/UI a young persons game?
What are the key tips to create a good UI in mobile games?
What are the essential qualifications for UI/UX developer?
How can I change the graphical interface GUI of EEGLAB?
Is PrimeUI too outdated to be a competitive UI framework for a modern WebApp in 2016?
Where can I keep up with the latest trends in mobile app UI and UX?
How do I make great User interface with spring boot?
What is the best UI/UX design tutorials online with certificate of completion of the course?
What are some good C++ libraries for making graphical user interfaces (like Qt or Java Swing)?
Should I use icon or text to represent actions in mobile apps?
Why are there so many UX problems with Quora? Why isn't the design being updated for a smoother experience? (See details for more)
How do I make a fast and great UI with Spring Boot?
What is the best/expected format for a user experience portfolio?
Where do I practice UI development for interviews?
How can we simplify dashboard user interface (UI) designs for mobile platforms?
What are the other things which a person working in SOAP UI should have knowledge?
Why is iOS 10 so well designed?
How do I remove two bottom status bars from TOAD interface?
How would one measure user experience for videostreaming?
What was the first desktop and cellphone application that allowed their users to print or screenshot their screens?
What makes an animation meaningful?
Which interface is used for BBB?
Why don't GUI applications share a common interface like CLI applications do?
What are some of the best examples of human-computer interaction interfaces either being developed or in use?
Why the UI of GeeksforGeeks site is not great as HackerEarth and HackerRank?
For a UI designer how does handling assets to developers work?
What is the best approach to learning UI creation in the interest of becoming a generalist developer
What is the way to get a UI designer job in NIC?
What Marketplace startups (eg. Amazon, Airbnb, eBay, Getaround) have the most impressive UX/UI?
Is VR the next interface?
What two interfaces are used to process Warehouse inventory in GCSS-Army?
What projects are acceptable in a UX and visual designer portfolio?
Why is Quora title read "Home-Quora" why not simply "Quora"?
Why are Google human interfaces so terrible?
What math learned in High School or College is used in UI/UX design?
How can I get some good UI design ready / is there a tool to get them easily (I am not a designer just have an idea what need to be present on screen)?
What are the alternatives to dropdown for a user profile? (web)
What is the best Mobile UI design presentation template?
Why are UI elements getting bigger over time?
Should a mechanical engineer go for UI training?
What is the advantage of a bright background for digital user interfaces?
What is the easiest way to make a UI using ruby?
As voice interfaces get better, how will we draw the line between where we use visual UIs vs. voice?
What would I need to do in order to fully customize macOS to my liking? (i.e. change the color scheme of the UI, etc..)
What is the reasoning behind the Google Plus UI?
Which is the best course to prefer between Human Computer Interface and Programming Tools and Techniques?
Would it be legal if I pick some random UI inspirations from UpLabs and implement it in my app?
Which platform is the best for UI/UX design in general?
Is there any way to get an unpaid UX internship in India with someone if you already have UX/IA/UI experience?
How do I get onsite jobs as a UI/UX designer and developer?
Is the flat design UI trend just a way to cut costs and generate more margin?
Would the Nokia 7280 users share their experience?
What are the best design pattern for a user login?
Do you think Steve Jobs would approve the new UI/UX of iOS 10?
What thesis to do regarding UI, UX and language learning?
What math is used in UI/UX designing?
What is the mobile app that has the best UX?
How do I code in HDL for DDR3/DDR4 interface? I studied the protocol & have some idea on the steps to interface, but am missing something to start.
How can I connect with other entrepreneurs worldwide on a single interface?
What is a radio interface layer in Android used for?
I'm UX / UI / Visual designer, should I learn to code?
What are the strategies for mobile app user interface guaranteed to boost user engagement?
What is the best UI online course to get a job?
What cool tricks can be done by interactive PDFs?
How to integrate java web application (having many classes and resource files) as a plugin in Atlassian Jira?
Is there a good Twitter list management UI like the Google+ circle management?
How do you define good user experience for a website?
What are your thoughts about Google's material ui?
What dimensions and resolution should you design in for a mobile site?
How can I design multi sub-sections (more than 5 sections) for iOS without using segmented control?
What is multi step flow?
Where can I find UI/UX courses in Bengaluru?
I am budding UI designer and planning to go for a new laptop with a budget range between 30-45k. what are the laptops I should consider?
What careers should I consider if I am interested in UI development and database management?
What if Apple resurrects ornate UI in iOS 11/macOS 10.13?
What are some complex applications with unique user interface?
As a UI designer at a digital agency how do you decide which grid framework you should use for the interface design?
Which is the best laptop for a UI/UX designer?
What is the most compelling website in terms of UX/UI in 2016?
Which android apps have the best UI/UX design on September 2016?
After joining a new company as a UI/UX team lead, what should I look for to impress my employer and management?
What are RME interfaces?
If UI designer and a dev split the workload of developing an iOS app into 1 building screens in xcode storyboard and 1 coding the app does that work?
Which are the companies in Delhi/NCR that are currently hiring UX/UI Designers?
Which certification is better for UI developer?
Can an Architect become a UI designer?
What makes someone a web designer? What are some tasks that web designers complete on the daily? What are some skills that makes them a web designer?
What is the best way to create mock UI designs for my portfolio?
What are the steps that designers create a meteor shower effect in an app's user interface?
How do I create a reusable UI component in QT? Is there a tutorial for creating a header which can be used as a skeleton for my C++ Qt projects?
How responsive web design aids in user interface and user experience?
What abilities and knowledge do we have to become UI / UX designer?
Who are the best UI/UX designers/companies in Delhi?
Which UX/UI free software are suitable for teaching students?
Why do so few companies use the Dojo Toolkit?
What are the limitations of I2C interface?
What are all the UX/UI/Design/Creative Conferences scheduled for 2017?
What exactly are Google's '500' color swatches? How do I create '300' or '700' from it?
Which version control tool does your design team use?
What is an ideal app prototype? What features of the app should be shown through it?
Which are some good companies in Ahmedabad for fresher in UI design?
How do I implement UX/UI design into website?
What skill set is necessary in user interface developer?
A UX/UI designer generally does no coding and no visual design. Do you agree with this statement?
How do I design ui for image filter in android?
Why is the user interface on different hotels sites so similar?
What are the best icon design agencies in the business?
What technical skills should I learn if I want to become a UI Designer in companies like Instagram, Airbnb, Apple, etc?
Should I learn WebGL to become an expert Front End Engineering?
What are the best sites to get design templates and UI’s for mobile Application ?
Which is the best tools for UI developer?
What is a network interface card? What are its functions?
How much does it cost to make a website with a predesigned UI?
What are the key skills and tools required for a UI/UX designer to land a job in Canada?
Since getting a response from the server is very fast nowadays, why is client side validation necessary?
What are some French UX/UI Facebook groups?
What are some techniques to employ so that modern rich ui based website built on html5 & javascript work on accessible devices such as screen readers?
What is the difference between integration and interface?
What is needed to build a replica/similar site like WorldStarHipHop.com?
What Design style (UI) is used in the Salesforce Platform?
Which is better for UI Design? Adobe Photoshop or XML?
What is the meaning of the sign 'star' in an android smatphone?
How do I create and use interface in java?
I'm on a team of five IT (coding, UI, etc.) students for the next two semesters. What should we make to change the world and make billions of dollars?
What are some things that I can do to get into UI/UX?
How can I join User experience team in Quora?
Is there a more efficient way to discuss/debate using technology?
What is the difference between a landing page and a home page?
Are there libraries available to develop terminal/form-based UIs?
How do I find a best UX and UI design company?
How do mobile games keep their game UI intact on different resolutions? Are they using vector images?
What do app developers expect from a UI designer when getting handed design work?
What is the best UI design for mobile phones?
Generally speaking what are the steps taken to become a UX designer working with VR?
How does Quora's responsive UI work?
How can I build sense of developing an attractive, nice and user-friendly user interface?
As a Mobile Interface Designer, do you make assets pixel perfect for each display density?
How do I share and reuse front-end code across multiple target platforms that use different template languages and template processors?
I am Visual Designer and recently moved to UX team, I am still struggling to understand where do I fit?
Did anyone go to Ironhack for UX/UI?
What are the differences between java and ruby as well as their web based counterparts namely JSP vs Rails?
How are new media design and UX design different from each other?
What are best free UI design tools (like Fireworks)?
What is the basic use of component interface in Peoplesoft?
How does serial and ethernet interface differ?
What is the best software for Animating UI Mockups?
Would you like to get a free #UX & UI audit of your website?
How can I train my in-house designers to deliver more intuitive and engaging web designs with amazing UI and UX?
Is 38 too old to start a UX/UI career?
Which steps should I follow in order to become an expert IOS designer (skill-wise)?
How can special characters be recognized in voice recognition software?
What are some myths regarding mobile UI Testing?
Is my website good in terms of UX - UI design?
Is there an article or a book about UI Web Design Patterns?
What is the best UI to set monthly goals for an individual on portal?
How can I get tasks for UI developer?
Which are the most up to date, un-adopted and up voted Quora User suggestions of ways to improve the user experience on Quora?
What do iOS UI/UX designers have to provide to the iOS developers? Do they just give them a jpeg file to work from?
What are the best books to learn UI/UX design from basic?
What are the requirements to be noted for UI for a desktop applications?
What are the best practices for sitemap and app flow creation?
How can ebay UI be improved?
Are there more UI designers or more programmers these days?
Will the market demand UI/UX fullstack professionals very soon?
Does Google finally understood importance of design after launching the Nougat Music Player?
Do UX designers who can code get paid more?
As an extremely experienced user of R, what limitations do you find with the language and where would you like to see improvements?
When creating a UI portfolio should I list all pages?
How do I use H&FJ Webfonts local Developement system?
Should I choose ultrawide curved monitor for UI degisn?
What are some unique challenges with designing a voice-based user experience?
What would be the best way to display hobbies and what I like/dislike at my website?
What GUI for GUI development does the Microsoft development team use to create the Visual Studio GUI?
Is it necessary to do a web designer course before progressing to UI designing? I am a novice to IT but my ultimate aim is to be a UI designer.
What skills do User Interface Designers need?
Which Font family looks good for Real estate website portal?
Does emotion ui use more battery than stock Android ui?
How do you rate Nougat Music Player, especially user interface? How can it be improved?
What is the size of UX design industry?
How do you become a UI artist?
Is it still the trend that UX and Design teams are moving in house?
If voice recognition is now faster than typing, how long before keyboards become optional?
Do you think an APP UI template with cutting edge UX can be a thing, that can be sold as digital product?
How do you rate Nougat Music Player launched by Google in the design perspective?
When will I be able to talk to my desktop computer?
For a web file-manager, a move to or copy to modal is better or copy and paste like windows?
Are there any resources on design which have before and after examples?
Which programming language is the best in order to develop a new UI for Linux?
If I were to improve the UX of the product line of business routers and switches for small business, what are areas that the UX could be improved on?
What is your mobile UI/UX design process and why?
How has Quora's user interface design influenced its culture?
I am well versed with graphic designing. Will learning ruby on rails help me become a UI/UX designer?
Can we interface frdm with processing?
What is Corporate management and interface(CMI)?
What are external UI requirements in SRS of a software?
What are the best UX / UI design agencies in Serbia?
How do I bind the response body from localhost to UI?
How can the user experience of e-book creation be improved?
What are the best Facebook groups for learning about and discussing EU startups?
What are the latest technologies in UI now and what we have to learn now?
Which the most user friendly website you have ever visited?
How do I find a UI design template for my android app?
How are the UI/UX courses at IIT's?
Are there any good UI Libraries for GoLang?
Does a computer’s OS use hiragana, katakana, or kanji in Japanese language?
What technologies is the new beta Origin client based off?
What do you think about Quora's new font?
Why should one write an enterprise software with a terminal user interface (as in commands mc, vim or old FoxPro) instead of a GUI?
Which among these are best to learn Animation, VFX and UI design in India?
What are the great examples of responsive website in travel industry?
What are Interfaces?
How is UI developers life in EdgeVerve company?What development stack they use for UI development?
Do mobile application developers need to learn UI designing for a successful app?
Is there a good UI manager for a self hosted private Docker Registry?
What response is best when a vendor rolls out a major user interface change that is so counter one’s definition of usability that one wants to leave?
Can you make 2 separate interfaces for the same app?
What is HFI certification for UI and UX?
What is the best UI/UX design tutorials online with certificate of completion of the course?
Can I use Apache Hue as a standalone UI against just MySQL?
How did the people behind Quora come up with their user interface?
What is government and business interface?
How can I link the source code of an application and the user interface?
Has Airtel’s Open Network improved your user experience?
Where is the line between "people don't know what they want until they see it" and "focus on the user and all else will follow"?
How is the job market today for UI UX Designers in the Philippines?
How would one measure user experience for videostreaming?
What is the way to select the app ui font?
How do you speed up the interface build in stroyboard after adding 65 objects to a view controller?
What are the differences between Flat UI Design and Material UI Design in term of colors?
What Marketplace startups (eg. Amazon, Airbnb, eBay, Getaround) have the most impressive UX/UI?
How do I write a simple software using python with Graphical User Interface?
What is the best approach to learning UI creation in the interest of becoming a generalist developer
Am I the only one who think that new UI of Quora sucks?
Why choose to have a full page login screen with no header?
What is a job profile of a User Experience Engineer or a User Insight researcher in Google?
Which Masters Program would be suitable for a Designer with a C.S. background, seeking a career in Product Design? (UI,UX,A.R.,VR,Media,Entertainment)
What books should I read to improve my UI/UX skills?
Have you ever known about NetEase? I'm just wondering whether you like their products or not.Why?
Does every app need a first-use carousel welcome?
What is the UI kit used in Facebook?
What is an example of an asset in UI/UX design?
Would being a graphic/web designer or UI designer more employable in Barcelona?
Where do you find great UI/UX consultants?
Is it wrong to use Photoshop for iOS UI/UX design instead of using Sketch?
Why is the LinkedIn user interface so poorly designed?
What are some of the best examples you have seen of intranet navigation schemes or top level nav categories?
What do you think of Quora’s new way of displaying a persons view count?
What software can I use to improve user experience when "on boarding" for a mobile app?
Why do most UI Design concepts never make it to production? There's tons on dribbble etc, but having a look at some mobile apps, they're terrible
I have one Call to Action button that should link to 1 of 4 pages & need user input for which page. What's the UI/UX best practice to implement?
What's the best tool/platform to showcase UX design work?
Is the flat design UI trend just a way to cut costs and generate more margin?
What do people think of long room's unskewing methodology?
How do you export your UI design from Sketch and put it into an iPhone template?
What is the future of non-invasive human-computer interfaces?
How are GUIs made?
Do you need coding skills to be a UI Designer?
What is character user interface (CUI)?
Do professional web developers design the interface of a website for almost every other browser separately?
Is UX/UI a fad?
How does a developer translate the UI design into code?
What are some good UI projects?
What are some of designers' pet peeves?
How can I connect with other entrepreneurs worldwide on a single interface?
What is the salary of a UI developer in India?
Why is Google changing its UI to AngularJs Technology even many results and study shows that AngularJs kills SEO Technology?
What are the strategies for mobile app user interface guaranteed to boost user engagement?
What is the best UI online course to get a job?
What are some of the good books (or websites) for learning UX/UI design?
Is there a good Twitter list management UI like the Google+ circle management?
How do I gather DMI (Desktop Management Interface) information in linux?
What are the benefits, if any, of a text-based user interface over a web-based interface?
What are the qualities to be a top UX Designer in India?
What are your thoughts about Google's material ui?
Do any other online forum tweak their UI more often than Quora?
Why is the Quora interface growing so inconsistent from user to user recently?
Do you think Facebook's UX/UI design has started looking outdated/old?
Which app is very excellent in UI and faction in America?
How do I render custom mobile UI designs like developers?
Which linux distribution has simple to use UI?
What online trading platforms have the best user interface? Why?
Which companies send the UI designers abroad?
Why is the new layout for Facebook Pages so ugly?
How did you become a UX designer?
What is better digital marketing or UI and UX as a career point of view?
What are some small projects I can do that would give me more experience in UI/UX design?
I want to do Masters in User Experience. Can I do that via online?
How are UIs for AI systems synthesized and what are the best current examples or standards?
Why do Google+ have a very simple UI while Facebook, Twitter have an awesome UI?
What are the best sites for SOAP UI tutorials for webservices testing?
In 2016, should my app be native or hybrid?
Is Career Foundry's UI design course worth it?
On a website if the words for a button said, "Be a Tutor", what would you rather have there instead that would increase your chances of pressing it?
What is the best service for large conference calls (200-400 people) with a good Web UI?
How can I get UI engineer intern job in Quora?
What are some disruptive UX designs in mobile (app or web) ecommerce?
How can we change user interfaces in website policies to make sure people know what they are sharing?
What are the best UX / UI design agencies in Poland?
How do one get into UI design with no knowledge in design?
Who should draw the wireframes? Business analyst or UI/UX Designers?
How do you implement UI interactions?
How do the UI designers package will be in hyderabad?
Other than Kendo UI, which would be the best option for grid having similar features?
Why Mobile UI is so much sleeker, will web ever catch up?
What does a job in UI Design entail?
I am an engineer and am interested in UI/Ux design. Should I study MDes in IITB/NID or self learn design?
What do you think about Apple's bold interface in iOS, will other platforms adopt it?
What are the benefits of dark background in UI design?
What are some companies or products that might have succeeded if they didn't have poor User Experience?
Why is "gender" field required during registration in most social networks?
How do I name a UI / UX company?
Why does Facebook not switch to a text box like Quora one?
Is there any institute in India which has master's degree in UI/UX design?
Which UI/UX course is the best between Springboard, DesignLab, CareerFoundry & Bloc?
What are some apps that have consistent user experience across devices?
Why are all cool developers using the command line?
Why is Ship confirmation interface picking wrong batch in Oracle?
As an analytics software product owner/entrepreneur/developer, what is your biggest challenge in the analytics space in terms of design, UX or UI?
What do I need to develop software with a good graphic user interface and mass storage?
Can I use other mobile's system UI in my Android mobile?
How do I test UI/UX?
What is some useful information to collect upon user registration?
How will be the scope for testers, who are using SOAP UI tool?
How can I get cheap UX designer for my website based start up?
What are some sites where one can find attractive UI templates for developing front end in Web application with Java as back end?
How to start adding graphics on the web ?
How much more popular would Quora be with a better UI?
What are cellular interfaces?
What happens in a version control software, when one user deletes a file in use by another user?
How do I choose a career between Industrial and UI/UX design? I have completed my master in Industrial design and got placed as a UI/UX designer.
How can i switch my career into the world of UI/UX from Animation/Gaming field?
Which iOS news app has the best graphical interface?
Can I become UX/UI designer with no background in computer and by doing a online 9 weeks course?
How do I get a web design job with experience in development?
How can I reduce my internet data usage while watching online videos on YouTube?
Python: How shall I make user to select the target file on user terminal?
Which is the most recommended UI/UX development design studio in Delhi?
What UI boot camps exist?
What's the best way to view multiple Google Calendars in one interface?
What field should I major in if I want to become a User Interface Designer?
Public Speaking app: Is this a good mobile UI/UX?
What are some examples of great art series ideas?
Why is it so hard for me to land a freelance UI Designer job?
Has material design over taken bootstrap design? What should we prefer for UI design?
Which is the best UI design software?
What's a product with good user experience but lacks visual design?
Why do back end developers continue to have a personal website with bad UI and UX?
Why are there so few native Japanese in the US?
What are current Java UI skills?
What is that one US national car dealership that sells used cars of all kinds of brands?
What are these single sliding pages effects called and how do I accomplish them with HTML and CSS?
What can be used to create desktop apps using Python while building the UI with HTML and CSS?
What do I have to learn to make a website like The Divergent Series?
What benefits does a graphical user interface provide?
I would like to weld Ti-6Al-4v to ss304 (or ss316). Is it necessary for any interface material?
I am the only UI designer in my company. There is a tec person in my team who is suggesting some designs to my boss and my team. How can I stop that?
How do I go from a UI design in Sketch or Photoshop to a set of XML layouts in Android?
Which is the best circuit simulator software which has good user interface too?
Deluge: How do i disable Deluge Web UI password authentication?
What is the best online user interface course?
Can someone share experience of interview for UI/ UX internship or job?
How do I build a website with a big search bar so users can search for some items, and find infos about a specific item? I'll write the infos.
Is there a graphical user interface hosted service that is a good replacement for YahooPipes (killed in 2015) to gather and filter RSS feeds?
What changes should I make in the UI and content of my e-commerce store?
What are the best brain-machine interfaces so far?
When designing an app to look good on each phone, does screen size matter along with resolution?
What is the best Focusrite interface?
Which image is better for a registration screen?
In regards to user testing, how much should I consider competitor website UI design while designing own website?
How much room for innovation is left in mobile UI design for phones?
What are the best schools to get a degree in UI/UX design in the United States, Canada, or the UK?
What is following design called to define new features to users on website technically and how it can be implemented in code?
What are the requirements for a new Brain-Computer Interfaces Laboratory? Hardware, software, staff, rooms, etc.
Which framework / library is good for building UI ?
What is the difference between these two kind of approaches used by a command line interface to execute user commands?
How do large app or website based companies organize all their wireframe screens?
What is a human machine interface?
What is the usual starting salary of a UI/UX designer in Shanghai?
Why is the Sketchup UI so bad?
Without using a Mac, how can I build a UI/UX portfolio?
Should i pursue Ui/Ux degree or MFA degree in applied arts? What has more scope in india
What do you think of the new Cochrane user interface?
I am a CSE student and I like UI/UX designing. Is there any scope of it or should I start doing coding?
Are there any tool for designing clean and simple website user interface?
What are the most necessary functionalities Quora.com need to implement?
What college or university courses are most beneficial For UI/UX design?
What’s one change or improvement that you would like to see in the design and interface of Quora as of August 2016 in order to make it better?
Which are the best institutes for UI/UX design and animation in mumbai?
How do you test your app design for the most popular iOS and Android phones?
Which charity application has the best user interface (UI) ever? Or which charity application has the best user experience (UX) ever?
Do people use Quora more via the mobile phone app or the website?
Will there be UI themes for Visual Studio Code editor?
Do you think Snapchat has a good user interface?
Why does Quikr.com website has such unfriendly user interface and forms?
What good tools are used for story telling in UX/UI design?
Which are some great UI/UX studios in Bangalore?
What is the best interface design for quick data update?
Is food or interface engineering easy to study?
What are some examples of using data to improve ux?
Am I the only one who accidentally clicks the wrong links while scrolling? I want to build an app that runs in the background to prevent such clicks.
How user friendly do you find the G.U.I. at utab.com from a users or casual visitors perspective?
What is it to work at LinkedIn Bangalore as an UI engineer?
What UI/UX design books would you recommend for a graphic designer?
What is the difference between "usability" and "accessibility” in Ux/Ui context?
How I get used to making User Interface programmatically instead of using storyboards?
How can I pass web map service url from user interface and overlay on base map?
Help me check my website, how to improve the UX and UI?
Which web applications have open sourced their user interfaces?
How can I become one the greatest UI designers in the world?
What are good and bad examples of translucency in user interface designs?
Does Facebook keep their UI extremely simple for extra speed within the browser?
Which is the best user statistics for website? Can anyone suggest me if there is any product at reasonable price?
What factors are expected to interrupt the extensive use of video in interfaces? What applications could gain most from its use?
Does it necessary to learn SVG for UI Developers?
Why do Android devices vendors create their own UI?
What is the best way to make a web application user interface based on 'C' functions?
Know any Coupons and Deals website in India that take design seriously?
How is it possible to maintain user experience while monetizing with ads?
What is the procedure to study UI using internet access only p?
What are some good resources for learning more about how architects research for their work?
I’m new to design and changing careers. Do I need to learn UX before I learn UI?
What do you like in Skype for Business user interface?
What is an audio interface and how can I use it in producing music?
How can I measure the value of improving User Experience on internal apps?
What are the best practices when creating custom UI elements for iOS and where can I find these guidelines?
From where can I get the maximum knowledge of UI/UX design?
How would you design a walkthrough for a website?
Where is a good place to work that is related to UX design while I build a portfolio?
Why is the UI on Apple Music for iOS 10 so big?
How does one sell UX work to organizations (and what are the top 5 benefits resulting from UX work)?
Why won't Twitter show me more tweets when I refresh my feed?
Should product (UI/UX) and marketing design be executed by different teams?
What is the easiest way to recreate Quora's blog interface using Wordpress?
Why can't I edit styles in chrome developer tool?
In an app development team who designs the UI elements?
Some Android phones have the Back button to the left of the Home button, and some to the right. Why?
What are some sites to get up-to-date about UI/UX and Web Development?
What do you unlike in Skype for Business user interface?
What is better native GUI elements or custom built GUI elements when building desktop applications using Python ?
What are the best UI/UX recruiting agencies in new york?
What do people hate about being a UI dev?
What is the best services pack to create an android application serving as an online database interface?
Which comes first in a project: interface or the core code?
Is it harder to design a simple flow (and try to differentiate) or a complex flow that never has been done before?
How do UI/UX designers create animated page designs?
How do I get into top ranking design schools in USA or Europe?
How to create desktop interface for Medium.com ?
Which is the best QM-MM interface available?
What skills checklist according to priority should a UI, UX, or IxD designer follow to become a designer who surprises a user by his/her designs?
Do some non-technical entrepreneurs work with product designers to design their idea to pitch to investors for development money?
Does anyone know of anything similar to Fluid UI website?
How much does it cost to build a high authority website?
How can you easily customize your ionic app design for the most popular iOS and Android phones?
Why doesn't Google place search results in the center of the page?
What are some example of products with good UI but bad user experience?
What are the difference and similar between the UI/UX and web development?
What is the difference between visual design and user interface design?
Which is the best owned-brand fashion eCommerce website? What features does make it unique?
Would a company ever acquire just the UI of an application?
Are social media giants working on killing their desktop interfaces?
Should I require an E-Mail or a phone number in my App Registration?
How do I replicate macOS dock using CSS?
How do I generate leads for my UI/UX design firm?
I am building a MVP for my startup should I go with Bootstrap or a Material Design Framework, I need a fast prototype framework, any advice?
What are some of the best ecommerce websites in terms of UX & UI?
Why are there so few good purple GUI designs?
What factors are expected to interrupt the extensive use of video in interfaces?
What is end-to-end user experience?
How can I interface attiny85 with HC-05?
What is better, in terms of UI, "Your profile" or "My profile"?
If I want to eventually become a UX Designer, would getting a job in Customer Experience be good, applicable work experience?
Are there any web 2.0 UX/UI development frameworks?
Is it possible to create the UI for an OSX application in Javascript?
Is UI testing required?
What are some tips/ UI best practices for dealing with multiple lists on mobile for e-commerce?
What are Adam D'Angelo's thoughts behind the very light UI of Quora?
How should I interface a quadrature encoder to an AT89C2051?
Who is a UI developer?
What is the best job title for a cofounder of a tech startup who looks after design, UI/UX, product, app development and business development?
Which online UX Design course you recommend?
Our team came out with a few mockups for a web page. Is there a website to allow other designers to vote on a webpage UI/UX design?
What's a product with good visual design but lacks user experience?
Why did Quora change the answer views UI in the new profile Design?
Why did Google choose to use vertical three dots icon instead of Hamburger icon on Chrome?
Will people move from one platform to another (a new website) just because of better UI/UX with similar to identical function?
What are good color schemes to use for websites in China?
What icons best represent 'related action', other than icons with three dots or an arrow?
How does a computer turn electrons into usable interface?
I changed my user name on my MacBook but while working in terminal I saw it still says my user folder name is the old one. How do I fix that?
Does anyone see a user interface redesign on YouTube?
What are some sites where I can find UI/UX design internships Online?
How is demand in ui design and development?
What is the team structure for a product team in a SaaS startup?
Since good UI/UX design is subjective, how does someone trying to break into the field "prove" themselves to employers?
What is the difference between following UI design guidelines and making your own design?
which website has given you the worst dark pattern experience by tricking you into doing something you might not do otherwise?
How do I create different UI screens for multiple phones without recreating every screen in Sketch?
Who should I follow for web design (HCI, UX, UI) advice?
What are your views about new desktop interface of Quora?
What is the best user experience design bootcamp to enroll in (NYC)?
What is the problem with kiosks machine interface?
What are the best job boards for UI designers?
What are some UI/UX, design bootcamps in Miami Florida?
What is it that a beginner UI/UX designer should know?
What is the difference between gesture interface and motion tracking interface?
What's the difference between User Interface specialist and User Interface developer ?
Which Company is providing best UX and UI Designing Services in Chicago?
Can we retarget the user if the user already had already converted?
What is the difference between UI, UX and IX designer and what are the skills/tools required for each?
Can you share some of your own user interface for popular apps?
How good are my UI/UX design?
How can I use DbContext in WebAPI using Interface?
Why would you need a ux designer?
How long would it take one person to code a fully functional clone of the iOS Facebook app (not including UI)?
What is the roles and requirements of a front end developer?
What are some design patterns for showing time and time-based items in a user interface?
In Unity, how do I move a UI element's position in a canvas through script?
What are some requirement for an app to enter the Google play store in terms of UI design?
Is there a job for ui?
How can progressive reduction best be implemented into the UI of a website?
How do I get UI/UX internship at Microsoft India?
How can we improvise services of Facebook and google?
Can anyone help in making UI for a NGO/Charity mobile app for free?
What is the tips for UI/UX working with mobile developer?
How do I get into UI/UX Design and QA?
Which is a good company for UX and UI Development in United States?
How much does it cost to design an UI like paypal? Only design, no coding.
Will RTS-like commander's interfaces become a possibility for real life military work?
How far are we from having a wrist-mounted holografic interface (like in Final Fantasy: the spirits within)?
What are the best techniques for explaining design process in UX/UI/visual design?
Will getting a 4K monitor make Windows's UI text render better at the same pt size?
Why do companies use Black colour frame in 90% monitor?
What are the advantages of graphical user interface and what are the disadvantages involved?
What happened to the 100 days UI website?
Is it advisable to get started with Mobile UI design first and then Web design?
Has Metro/material design "killed" UI designers?
What is your feedback on UI and UX for www.settlebankdebt.com?
Should I learn UI Design first or learn to code first?
Who are the designers responsible for Vevo's UI redesign?
Who are the best trainers (/Institutes) with Placement assistance in User Experience (UX) & UI design in Pune India?
How can I get into UX/UI? What websites would you guys suggest?
What are some interesting facts about Facebook UI?
What is the best user friendly drop-down menu?
Why does LinkedList implements serializable and clonable interfaces?
Which mobile company has the best UI?
What is the growth of Quora's user base?
Can someone mention the most notable features reg. UI/UX in & beyond Lollipop other than material design in Android?
Why do people clear the screen multiple times when using a calculator?
What is the reasonable rate for UX/UI developer in India?
What is a home page?
How can one build a Web UI like Spotify?
Which UI library should I use with ReactJS? Semantic-UI or Material-UI?
Is anyone working on a speech interface for programmers?
How do I decouple the UI from the backend (database)?
How do people make UI/UX boards?
What are some requirement for an app to enter the Apple store in terms of UI design?
Do you like new trends of oversimplifying Interface design?
How do i know if career in ui design is good for me?
I have interviews for UX /Product jobs coming up, but I plan to start my business within one year. What should I do, A. keep quiet or B. Freelance?
Will voice commerce be widely adopted before text-commerce?
I need help to understand which to select based on my skills: ui design or development or android app?
How can I express UI design as a clear and testable requirement?
How do I change normal user as a root user?
Can You Critique these UI designs for me?
What is the standard for displaying range labels in a UI?
Is there any UI testing framework for React Native apps?
What assets does a designer using Sketch 3 give a developer?
How do you find the new Quora answer viewing interface?
I want to start learning how to design icons. Where should I get started?
I'm extremely critical of UI, is there a job for that?
I am about to graduate with a M.Sc. in Business. I would like to work in UX/UI however. What can I do within one year to find a job in that area?
How do pc interface with machines?
Where is the reflection tool in Sketch 3?
Why do websites often change their interface to be less user friendly?
I am applying for a Senior UX Designer position. What capabilities and skills makes a Senior UX designer?
Is there any UI creation tool for Android like Sketch App for Iphone?
How do I begin with android app interface?
As a UI designer, What is the most valuable skill?
Is it possible to multiplex data from a number of 8051-LCD interfaces into a single serial signal and transmit it using a 8051-GSM module interface?
What’s your opinion on the new user interface for the VSCO iOS app?
Where can I seek help on making my Tableau-R interface work?
Where can I find UI/UX designer?
What is the scope for UX engineers and UI designers in USA"?
How do you know how many users can access your website?
How can I scale Adobe software UIs on a high density display?
What is the best way to determine the maximum number of characters when designing a text input area in Sketch?
Why to use interface?
What will be a good examples for UI Design ROI?
Is there a visual way of programming in JavaScript or PHP?
I have developed a UI that is stunning, easy to use and perfect for any tree-based resource (e.g: folder & files). What should I do?
How do Android OEM skins compare? What are the advantages/disadvantages of each?
Is Sketch for UI designers where no coding is needed?
What are the tools used for animated wireframe for UI Design?
Which online support website can give me free mock up UI/UX ?
What are some of the best website UI tips/tricks?
Which jquery plugin offers the best user experience for document uploading?
How can I get more UI jobs and earn fix income every month?
Can you give user/design feedback on this app?
How do I analyse bigger touchable screen interface without connecting online analysing tools?
How do I get employed as UX designer in Europe or USA?
What are the great colors in terms of professionalism?
How do you transform to service design from user experience?
As a UX designer. I've been designing for client/boss not users. How can I increase my chance to land a new job?
What languages and frameworks are used to code "Primer by Google"?
What is the road map for setting time limit to a user desktop session (for example after one hour usage the pc must force the user to take a break)?
What are the best online courses on iOS UX and UI design?
What is the best tool to use for wire framing?
What powerful laptop should one buy for UI/UX design and prototyping + Graphic Design and multitasking and how much do they cost?
Is there anyone who don't like the new interface of Quora? How can I compare two answers on feed back and forth without clicking on the "more" button?
What do you think about the new Quora pop-up answer view?
What are some examples of futuristic films using object-based user interfaces?
In what ways will UI/UX design in the future speak less and say more?
What is your feedback on UI and/or UX for www.alertcontrol.com?
Is it good to choose UI development as a career?
Which is better to learn for UI/UX design: Sketch or Photoshop?
Is it illegal for me to release a Quora app with a different UI?
For creating the user interface in web development, are there any GUI softwares available (like NetBeans for Java) or is everything manually coded?
In a user interface where the user needs to categorise input, is it a good idea to sort the categories by popularity?
How agreed upon all these Unicode symbols, what is the design process behind it?
What platforms and tools do web design agencies use to communicate with their clients?
Who are the 5 best user interface and user experience designers in India?
What are some free tools which we can use to create UI resources for Android application?
Should I be scared after sharing pictures of the of User Interface of an app am developing before am through and before launch?
How did Quora build the foundation for their UI?
Which city in Canada is better for UI/UX designers?
How is artificial intelligence impacting UX design? Will this dynamic be significantly different in 5-10 years?
Is anyone using the new Google Plus UI/design?
How do you identify a better android design, better UI/UX experience for user?
How do product managers typically study competitor UI / UX flows?
What are the most important coding languages to learn for UI and/or UX design?
How can you improve the user experience of your site visitors?
Is there a college focused on UI/UX design and similar in Poland, Katowice?
In Unity, how do I set the position of a UI element?
What is the easiest way to make an UI for a Python script?
Why are designers in love with the book "Designing Brand Identity" by Alina Wheeler?
Is Australia good for UI/UX Designer?
Which programming languages should UI designers learn?
What stunning user experience blunders have you noticed in popular software?
I got an offer from Sapient (Gurgaon) for UI/UX developer and AXA Technologies (B'lore) for MEAN stack, which one should I pick?
Where can I find "professional" UX case studies?
How do I produce an instructional video about a website that doesn't get outdated when the website's user interface changes?
What are best company for UX Design for Mobile Application?
Why don't streaming services pay attention to user interface?
What can be done to improve Quora's design, layout, and user experience?
What is the reason behind Instagram revamping their interface?
I mostly design UI and prototype, have light experience with UX research, and do front end styling with HTML/CSS. What should I call myself?
For all UX professionals, if you could make one change to your UX process, what would that be? And why?
What dose it meen program dose not contain a static ‘Main’ method suitable for entry point?
What is the difference between web design & UI design?
Should I call myself a UI/UX Designer?
Would it be cool with 3 dimensional UI in a game?
Which UX/UI designers should I follow on Twitter?
I think my website I just launched looks good, but do you share my own sentiments that the UI is lacking?
Why is the interface of Quora red?
What are some examples of products that have bad user experience (UX) designs but are still used with ease?
What's the state of art for conversational interface on knowledge engineering?
What apps allow developers to extend their user interface?
How does Instagram choose a user and make them a suggested user?
How important is the user interface for a recommender system?
What are some best online tools and tutorials for UI designing?
As a front-end developer why should I use Linux instead of Windows 10? And how far can I customize it to make the UI better?
Should I attend Parsons or NYU if pursuing a career in UI/UX design?
Why isn't distraction-free ux/ui design more popular?
Which studios in Bangalore are good to start a career  in UI/UX?
Why is a power interface unit used?
What can you do to be competitive and unique in the UX/UI job field?
Why doesn't the Biting Point have a visual depiction on the car dashboard?
Can you advise a framework to modernize old desktop application? It should be desktop-like web UI and preferably Java backend with MySQL or PostgreSQL
Do we need to develop UI / interface in My passion challenge for subjective question?
Does XCode interface builder make use of the gpu to render the UI?
What are some web apps with incredible UI/UX?
Where can I find research on user familiarity with UI components, such as the expand/collapse tree?
What should I know before designing a UI for WPF or UWP?
Should utilitarianism be applied to UI Design?
In general which user interface colors have the best effect on the overall comfort of users?
Do interactive holograms currently exist?
How could UI design become a front end developer? What should I prepare?
Why is flat design popular? Why is it important?
How do I achieve silky smooth(60fps) UI in react/redux app?
What design skills should a product manager have?
How do I make a scrollable list in unity UI?
Is anything happening at Wikipedia to make it easier to use for younger people?
What are the benefits to user interface design?
What is the definition of non graphical user interface?
What should I learn to be a successful User interface Virtual Reality Designer?
What is meant by bespoke developed automation solutions? Is it a UI testing automation tool? I am not able to get more about bespoke.
What are the best UI/UX DEC Montreal?
How would you improve Quora's UX/UI?
Can a Technical writer become a UI developer or UX designer?
What is the concept of Interfaces in Golang, can you give example from the net/http package in the standard library?
What would it mean that a software has an agnostic interface mechanism?
What are some open source softwares having beautiful UI?
How come top companies like Netflix cannot create a decent user interface?
Why some audio interfaces have two mic inputs?
Does showing comments timestamp better for user experience?
How to do UI Programming with Python ?
Why does Google frequently design such horrible user interfaces that are blatantly obvious to far less educated people than those who work at Google?
What are the industry standard processes followed for UI UX Design in an IT company?
Is there a reason that Zbrush's UI/UX is so poorly designed in comparison to almost every other 3D application?
Is there a term for the 'distance' on a user interface between what you did and what you meant to do?
Which softwares are best for iOS app UX/ UI design?
What are some frustrating aspects of Quora?
How do I build a interface using R?
How much do high-end/prominent front-end web developers and PSD designers charge per job on Dribbble?
How do I prepare for UI Engineer position at Quora?
What's difference between structure and scope in the elements of user experience?
Why is T in these questions of Quora are curved?
How much of HCI research and advancement is dictated by the accumulated experience of users with existing UIs?
What is an intelligent user interface?
Are there any free websites where I can learn UI/UX design?
Can any software designer justify the horrible Flash interface?
What's a UI / UX developer? How can I be a UI or UX developer?
I find WordPress.com's user interface difficult, the help docs marginal and my questions go unanswered in the forum. Does anyone have any advice?
Is Quora's new whiter design inspired by Instagram's redesign?
Should a Health IT SaaS product emulate a UI that is more like a consumer app or more like EPIC EMR? (to make adoption easier)
What are the Best UI and UX design and development companies in Chennai?
Which UX/UI designers should I follow on medium.com?
Why hasn't nairaland updated its UI?
Is it bad to place username and user image under the image should it always be on top? - Social media
Does the channel interface is only one or has another backup interface in bank?
How does the observer(observable) interface work? What does it do? What components are used and for what?
How do I use UI designed for Android using Photoshop to make actual app?
I have about 8 years of experience in UI designing. How do I start as a UX designer?
Is there a way to create an add-on to a software program that doesn’t publish an API?
Is Windows 95-like user interface patented in the United States?
How do I learn UX/UI by self?
What is the scope of Pega UI Certified developer in Indian MNCs? How much LPA can we expect with 2 years of Pega 7 experience and UI certification?
Is a 24 bit 44.1 khz-48 khz audio interface professional quality?
Can you design specific UI/UX components and or patterns in such a way that you could elicit a specific emotion?
What is the real goal of Google User Experience Research Studies?
I have a business degree, How can I become a UI/UX designer from the scratch? Is it possible? Any recommended online courses or training?
What are some examples of great UI/UX for a report writer or builder?
What are basic pre requirements to learn application program interface?
What are the biggest employment biases in the field of User Experience?
What should I do to learn more about UX/UI?
What is a software application that has a really nice user interface despite complex functionality?
Where can I find background music for a user interface?
What are the different styles of UI?
Can structure exist apart from sequence?
What do you think of the user interface of HBO NOW on Roku?
What stock trading platform has the best user interface?
What is the difference between UI, UX and IxD?
Do User Experience professionals make good entrepreneurs?
I am developing a UI Kit can i use free icons if i am selling the kit?
How did you end up working in UI/UX? What did you major for in college?
Is it better to get a Master’s in UX or a MBA in Marketing in order to become Head of User Experience / Interaction at a big company?
What is simplest way to understand control panel?
What are all the different types of navigation options for a website and mobile?
Why aren't errors logged by programmers viewed as a UI and include recommended causes/remedies?
What skills are needed for UI/UX designer.?
What are the opportunities for advancement for user interface designers?
What are some tips for an attractive UI in material design?
What are some of the best resources to become a conversational interface experience designer ?
What are the recent innovations in design / user experience education?
Why does it appear that the design of Google’s default search results has been the same for a decade?
UX/UI: What do you think about Netflix new web version?
Are there different positions for UI designers?
How can a search interface startup work with Google?
How does youtube manage to fit the Video player as well as name and description into its view?
I am a web designer. Should I be writing XML for android UI?
How should you design user interfaces for machine learning applications?
How far are Alphabet/Facebook/etc from developing AI-powered chat bots that engage with apps in the background becoming our primary user interface?
I am a Marketing grad and I would like to work in the UX/UI design field. What steps should I take to gain a full time position or intern/mentorship?
What are the top 3 job boards to post on when looking for  UI/UX personnel?
What are some examples of poorly engineered Application Binary Interfaces (ABIs)?
How could Quora be internationalised?
How do I learn UI?
How can you add more value as a user interface or user experience designer in the team?
What's a low-cost way to do UI/UX design?
What are some good tools for building a user interface for a business?
How would you define a full-stack developer who is also skilled with UI/UX design?
Why is the color selection so similar between similar type of apps/software's?
Is it better to design the UI of your website before finding a developer for the coding aspect?
Why does Microsoft use a grey low contrast UI in Windows 10 and office 365?
What is best calendar html control for a mobile website in terms of user experience?
What do you think of Microsoft flat design?
In your opinion what is the worse mobile application UI/UX that you have encountered?
Why does iTunes have such a terrible user experience?
How can I learn to create a User Interface menu for Virtual Reality contents? What prerequisite knowledge is required to start on?
How does Quora avoid counting multiple views from the same user on the same post more than once?
What are examples of good user interfaces for creating semantic databases?
What SaaS product design trends are we seeing mid-2016?
Is there a place on the net where you can design the interface of an app?
What were some of the best UI design work of 2015 and the first half of 2016?
How can we have some UI freelancing work in gurgaon?
What are some good boot camps for UX/UI design in the San Francisco Bay Area?
Why does Microsoft put so little effort into the design of Windows 10?
Which is the Best Mobile Banking Apps In India?
What are the key skills required for UI and UX developers?
Do I need to learn UI Designing for making my iOS Apps?
How can OLX improve its website’s UI?
Who are the best UX designers in Chicago?
How does user experience influence information security?
Hi! Does anyone know the name of this payment script, or something simillar in terms of this kind of UI ?
What is your review of UI/UX Designers?
I am planning to build a hadoop Interactive application which will be deployed on server, in which technology should I create the UI of it and why?
What is the importance of visually appealing interface?
What is marker interface?
Is python good for ui design?
What is expected of a UI designer?
Why can I not hear anything in Cubase?
Why do we still need Adobe Flash, if it is a huge security vulnerability?
Why is UI usually paired with UX?
Where can I find a ui pattern for automatically generated tags?
How can I download the Semantic UI framework via browser and use it?
Is a firewall interface better then a usb interface?
What is the basic procedure of managing how a UI and a UX developer work on one project?
How many people like the new Quora iOS app format. Personally, this is a great UI improvement. What do you think?
How do you decide when UX/UI designs thump the cost of development in fast paced mobile apps for new features, new products and non-bugs?
Is building multiple user interfaces on top of a unified set of functionality a bad idea?
What is the use of user interface tool?
Are UX/UI abbreviations well known?
What is the UI design with personality?
Who did the UI design for the CARROT fit app?
How seriously do recruiters and hiring managers take UX/UI bootcamp graduates?
What is the main composition of UI in android?
What program should I use for UI design?
Why is Windows 7 so much easier to customize than Windows 10? Why did Microsoft make Windows 10 less easier to customize?
Where does your team fit in User Experience or User Interface before engineers get involved?
Does UI Designer work with UX Team?
What are the best blogs about user experience?
How is it that Apple Computer has become synonymous with "ease of use" and yet they designed something as UN-user-friendly as iTunes?
I'm pretty good at designing User Interfaces using Photoshop. How can I make money off of the ability to do this?
Do you think polling is a good approach for other devices, such as a disk or a network interface?
How do mobile UI designers export their designs?
Is it possible for space time to be a UI / UX for us over some higher dimensions?
What is the use of variables in interface?
I lack UI/UX design in my apps. I found a designer to work with on new projects. Our investment is our time. What percentage of profits split is fair?
What is the UI/UX design reasoning for the inset on iOS separator lines?
Why myntra completely shifted itself from web interface to mobile app?
I want to know web UI element list (like: navigation bar,  modal). List all the web UI element that developers use?
Are there any interfaces for managing multiple Wordpress sites?
Why hasn't Facebook updated their UI to a more modern design?
What are some beautiful wiki UI?
How does AUI work?
What design guidelines should be used to improve Manchester united website?
How do programmers/ developers use their code written in some language to form applications with dynamic interfaces like the ones in our smartphones?
Is it better to do Full Stack or just UX UI?
How do I build good looking websites easily?
What do content managers and UI/UX researcher study in community college?
As a Freshmen what all concepts a UI developer should be aware of?
Which of the following is a characteristic of User Experience as a discipline?
What is the best institute to do a UI/UX expert training course in hyderabad?
Why is Tesla's UI so laggy?
How would a UX designers switch to visual design for interfaces?
Steve Jobs emphasized simplicity. Is his dream fading?
How Can I get job in Facebook or Google? I am a UI developer.
What is a ui developer?
What is the basic thing to know about UI developer?
How to create best user interface for my android app?
How do I change color of drop down box?
Which is the most elegant framework in client-side UI design?
What would be a good icon to represent "Sports" as a whole?
What are the features of UPI - Unified Payment Interface?
What are the advantages of the GUI?
What are some examples of a drag and drop interface where pending items can be both added to a drop zone and replace existing items in it?
Is it wise to move from technical writing to UX/UI design profession?
Should I become a User Interface Designer first, and then move to User Experience Designer?
What is the best way to create a big form with 100s of fields?
What could be a few existing examples of UX/UI design influencing the environmental footprint of a product? Could there be a sustainable UX/UI design?
Can Windows 10 scroll bars imitate the OS X option to jump to location in the page by clicking on that location of the scroll bar?
Why are illustrations important for ux design?
Why Android cannot come up with really simple UI design, which I think makes big difference with iPhone?
How can one make a login sign up interface using HTML, JS, and SQL(database)?
What is the best way for a woman to present herself when interviewing for a Senior User Experience position?
How do I get text from Button in Unity3D?
What are the tools UI/UX designers should know? And what is the major difference between UI and UX design?
If you are asked to develop a travel booking portal having rich UI effects, what steps will you take?
Which books do you recommend for establishing UI/UX Design Process in a new startup?
Is paper prototyping still relevant in 2016?
How to Enable System UI tuner Android 6?
How good are the Linux user interfaces?
What are the roadblocks for an amazing eCommerce user experience?
What is an 'inspector' in a popover in iOS?
What are some websites I can visit to see design innovations?
Does color order matter when designing UI?
Which online experience site connects a user with others to their own city or own?
What are the best tools/software/language to make multi-platform interfaces?
What website issues does Manchester United face?
How do we create a user-friendly bus network map?
What is wrong with Quora's user interface?
Why do most messaging apps put our messages on the right?
What are the best sketch templates for wire-frame sketching (Print templates)?
How much should I get paid for two and a half years of experience in PHP and UI?
What are the differences between data analytics, web development, cloud computing, UI design, and machine learning?
Where can I find a modern UI design and JavaScript library for charts and graphs?
Where can I get personalized royalty-free icons for commercial use?
How can I design my website with no design experience? I have tried but I can't. I have also tried freelancers but that didn't work either.
What is the best Bootcamp for UI & UX Design? Any suggestions?
What were the likely key considerations when designing the user interface for TurboTax online?
How can front-end developer improve his UI/UX skills?
Which are the reputed colleges in India that teach a masters course in UI / UX of Web, Mobile, etc?
Do you think people are overdoing it with their criticism of the IPL user interface?
If user name is already exist in dB.it has to show error at the field like user already existed beside field box?
What are the important things for UI developer?
Will the rise of chatbots/transition from traditional networks to messaging platforms with much simpler designs result in a glut of UI designers?
Which is the best UI/UX design software in Linux?
What are the guidelines for writing “about the author” box on the blog?
Is voice input faster than typing?
Which job profile requires more knowledge, Database Developer or UI designer?
What are some groundbreaking search engine UI designs?
Can I get UX/UI feedback (good, bad and ugly)?
What could be a modern website design solution if the client is only able to give you low-res small images?
Do User Experience designers change jobs too much?
What process can I expect from a creative to conduct a UX & UI upgrade for an existing In-house developed SaaS web app?
Can you list common UX problems based on complexity level?
What is the standard format for writing down of UX (User Experience or Usability ) analysis report?
What tools do UX/UI Designers at Google use?
Which software helps to develop GUI, does any one working on SAS SCL/ GUI?
Who designed WWW.mi.com\in?
Which big sites have the best user navigation?
What are the tools designer use to create these graphic design? (Screenshot attached)
How much salary should UI Designer take, who is having 5 years experience in Malaysia?
Why does IEEE recommend separating user interface, design and project management aspects from a Software Requirements Specifications (SRS) document?
Why is the default IntelliJ skin so ugly?
What are some good examples of Tinder-like user interfaces on Desktop (not mobile)?
What is the best way to learn and become a UX designer?
For international websites, is it better to have users choose their region/language or should that automatically be chosen based on user location?
What is the difference between user experience design and learning experience design?
Am I allowed to disclose interface of proprietary software to third parties?
How do I get objects to move (away from the user) in an App Inventer 2 app when the user blows into the phone?
What are some good band name or movie titles that can be found in the UI descriptors for social media sites?
Should wireframes be pixel perfect?
Is there any good school/programme for UI/UX design in Berlin? Which is better, public uni or private institute?
How is the UI for Facebook developed in Xcode?
Which tool/technology should I use to create a good resume UI?
What is the difference between interface and inheritance real time example?
What's your recommendation for an LMS that allows for the most customizable front-end user interface?
How would I design an octave icon/symbol (music)?
Should I become an UI designer?
What is the best admin dashboard you have ever seen and why?
How you used Oracle in your UI Projects with few examples?
Has Windows always changed its user interface with each version or did that trend only start with Vista?
What are the best hand gesture libraries or interfaces?
What is the best interface to build social media platform?
What are some native apps that use Braintree's drop in UI in checkout?
Why do we develop native applications if we can just buid applications with HTML5/CSS3 and Javascript and then run them in a container?
Is UX/UI design as marketable or location independent as web design or backend programming?
What is the point of a UI tabbar vs a tab bar controller?
What are steps being taken to improve user experience in terms of career advancement at LinkedIn? And what role your team has in it? 
How do I display an unbiased list of contractors in a user interface?
I am a UIX developer. But I don't feel I am inclined toward tech. I want to do something more creative. Should I switch to UIX design? How?
What are the ways to evaluate usability of a ML algorithm (given specific use case)?
How the methods of object class are available in interfaces?
How many pixels should the logo of your app be for the launch file and top header bar?
Which is the best online training for UI Developer?
Which suffices do you use for top-level interfaces/class names apart from Manager, Service & Director in C#?
Can we keep consistent UI for android and IOS? Does It Impact end Users?
How do I start with UX/UI development?
Is MPI a software as we are installing it or an Interface? If yes for both then what is the difference between them?
How do you increase invites in an organization for a SaaS product?
What is the better option to choose from technical writing and UI design as a career option?
Why are European UI/UX designers miles ahead of Indian UI/UX designers?
What is the best UI component library for a React based web app.I am confused after comparing available libraries?
If I build a UI pattern website, with many app screenshots, am I infringing copyright law? I am also running Ads in the website.
Unique UI Skill - But Unsuccessful Financially
How do UX designers select the default wallpaper of devices or OS?
deploying and testing RESTful services? How can I do?
Should Android give an option to translate the UI to users to their native language?
Why did my shot disappear from Dribbble's "popular" section?
What are the best examples of user interface style guide?
Why does Gmail has poor interface than outlook ? 
What are examples of great developer kits?
I've put £4,000 into designing the UI for a dating app that has serious potential. How do I find developers who will build my app for equity?
What are the best tools for advanced interaction designs on prototypes?
Got a CS background but have been designing UIs for the past 4 years. Now I am really interested in getting back to coding for iOS. Where do I start?
What changes can make Facebook more Interactive and Useful?
If bookmyshow uses uber type of mapping user interface for their movies listing in theatre, would it be helpful?
How do I create a desktop application that can work over LAN with a simple user interface to store, retrieve and generate reports.?
What the best tool to convert Sketch 3 designs into animated high fidelity prototypes?
Is it possible to interface multiple LCD-8051-keypad interfaced units with a single 8051-GSM interface to send data which I will display on the LCD?
How do I become expert in product UI design?
Which was the first interface in the world?
Is it better to display my portfolio piece in a modal popup or on another page?
How would a fat soluble vitamin overdose affect a morbidly obese person relative to a person with a healthy weight?
How can I enhance my android UI skills?
In Java is that easy to handle the UI as in JavaScript?
How would one best explain this class works which implements comparator interface and the compare method?
Is using cartoon mascots and massive graphical elements like icons and banners a UI trend in Chinese mobile apps? And why?
Is there any scope/ future for UI/UX designers/ professionals/ consultants in India? 
What is UI development?
How do you make UI and GUI in C# from scratch?
What is the Usage (Hours) in OpenStack's web interface Horizon CSV Summary and why most of my instances have the same value (17.02)?
What do you mean by ui developers?
What do I focus on to find out if UI/UX design is for me?
If your goal is to become a solid UI designer how much Javascript should you learn?
What do you think: What is the percentage of Facebook-users that click the logo to go to the home page (instead of the home link in the navigation)?
How do you customize your Facebook UI?
How is fake software UI made for movies, and who makes them?
How do third-party recruiters interface with client companies?
How can I make user interface for association rule instead of text-oriented ones?
Can Photoshop be used for UI Design?
How do I scale a UX practice?
Is there a mass mailer that has less limits than ToutApp in terms of emails per day but as good of an interface? Need good interface.
Is it appropriate to include a small UX Diagnostic for a company's app or site when applying for UX/UI Design job?
How the user gestures are tracked by Microsoft HoloLens?
How do I push data from a Redis sub feed to my UI?
Which non-Facebook product is a best example of good design in UX perspective do you think?
How do you find Single Page Website design in terms Usability and User Experience?
As an architect wanting to transition to UX/UI design, what is the best way to do it?
What could be some effective user interfaces to write code on a smartphone?
Quora's new UI gives views more importance than upvotes. This seems like a bad design idea to me. Do you feel the same way?
I need a coder that is really good at UX/UI that can help me create a social network?
What kins of UI uses Google Now's Cards?
Are there similar alternatives to the Noun Project for free simple icons and pictograms?
Why does Quora dim the rest of the page when I start typing in this text box?
What is the basic qualification & professional experience requirements for a UI/UX designer?
How do you set direction for your team when it comes to optimizing UI for find-ability/simplicity versus eyeballs for ad revenue?
On Ancestry.com is there a way to view your entire tree at once?
I want to make iPhone apps, where should I start? Product design, UI/flat Design, or swift/obj c?
What are some android apps that are user friendly or have the best user interface?
How do I learn UI5 of expert level online?  
How can I get the original Quora UI back (asked on April 2016)?
User Interfaces: What is it like to move from being a graphic designer to being a UX (not UI) designer? 
Where can I find tools for Xamarin UI?
Is it possible to work only as mobile UI designer and make a living with it?
I'm about to build my portfolio. I have coding projects and UX/UI works as well. On what should I focus?
How often developers disagree with UI design decisions?
How has the interface for text messaging changed over time?
What would a Facebook consumption experience (e.g. News Feed) look like in conversational UIs?
In Android Studio, how can I change the text edition mode from Vim-like interface to the plain text editing interface?
Is it necessary to know Development in UI/UX Designing?
How do I push data to my user interface from a redis pub/sub channel?
In which format most photographs are being watched: portrait or landscape?
What will be the next kind of UI keeping current technologies in mind?
How do I manage bind9 zone records via web interface like DO or Linode?
What is your favorite UI in 2016 (needs to be friendly, please)?
What is the definition of a game interface?
How much should one expect to pay for website UI/UX developer?
I own KleanKraft.com - it's an established business with a solid reputation. What can I do to improve our website?
Will Quora have a chatbot interface?
What is the meaning of command driven interface?
What are some good javascript technologies to make interactive graphical user interface?
Is there opportunity creating user interfaces for existing enterprise applications (e.g. SAP) that were poorly designed but are nevertheless in use?
Why does Quora keep changing its interface?
Which cross-platform toolkit is better between these two, Tkinter or wxPython?
Why web apps like Quora would create their own native app and won't create a desktop app?
How do I simulate drag and drop interaction in prorotype made in Power Point?
What are some examples of companies deliberately neglecting or even breaking their mobile web interfaces in order to steer users to use a native app?
Which websites have applied user experience beautifully?
What's the difference between UI, UX and Web Designer? What design/developer tools do you use at Facebook?
What set of practices is "Agile Usability" comprised of?
Why do people still prefer Windows95-like interface?
How much skills I should know as a UI developer?
What process does your software company use to test the UI and user experience before it is deployed?
What do UI designers think of http://darkpatterns.org?
How do I increase popularity of a totally new and unknown, open source UI framework?
What should i do if I am not good at back end development or algorithms, should I focus on UI/UX?
Quora User Interface: April 2016 - Why are images in answers appearing zoomed and distorted?
Where can I find .NET UI controls?
How do I give my software(not a website) an user interface? 
What are all the job levels in Microsoft's UX and UI Designer career track?
Why do we use the loopback interface?
LinkedIn - with all the resources you dedicate to engineering and user experience, why is there no way to search for a connection by employer name?
What is embedded user interface and how we can develop it?
What are some easy interfaces to manage a webserver?
What companies are trying restore simplicity to the user interface of the modern television?
What are some non-linear visual interfaces for text-based chatting?
Do you like the new Quora user interface?
Can a class implementing an interface has its own private methods defined which are not declared in interface itself?
Is there a good UI protoyping tool which can amalgamate pages and icons with URLs or installed apps without designing a new UI at this stage?
What do you think of the user experience on our platform (Karma Tribe)?
Is there any smartphone that can compete with Iphones in terms of design and interface usability?
What is the best site of conference?
Is there any way to visualize the data within table instead of table view & how to avoid the multiple tab above the table view ?
How do I change win 10 home single language to English interface?
What is a startup with an asymmetrical user experience: 2 types of user that have to face each other with different features, & benefits?
I got admits from Cornell's MPS in IS and GaTech's MHCI programs. I'm interested in UI/UX and front-end design. Which course is better?
What are some phones that rival the design, battery life, and ui/ux of the iPhone?
Is automation real on Facebook, especially in terms of the user experience?
I'm an engineering dropout. I want to pursue a career in digital design. I want to study digital design & enhance my skills. How do I go about it?
What are the most downloaded icons?
What is the best UI add-on to Nagios?
Where can I find UI for Xamarin tools?
What do you find best for UI application design,  a 12 column, 16 column, or modular grid?
What are some of the UI libraries?
What is the latest in brain-computer interfaces?
What is the best resources for a Front End Developer who wants to learn UI/UX?
How much do user experience designers make?
What are some educational resources on creating user flow diagrams for mobile web apps?
What's an alternative to a doughnut chart to represent data distribution for a large number of categories?
Can programmers ever make good user experience designers?
What is the trending UI design style for kids in 2016 like flat design for adults?
Are there different divisions working on UI design & Advertising Design? Which one is more creative according to you?
Did you like the new Quora user interface?
I am a UI Visual Designer, should I learn UX design or  Front end design?
What is the line between stealing and being inspired by other people's/companies designs, color pallets, UI's?
What are the advantages of implementing a graphical user interface? What are the best ways to implement them?
What are the Adobe tools used by User Experience designers?
What is the best Android UI?
What should I do to get better at UI design? Are there any good books that teach about UIs?
How do I optimize tool app by user experience?
How many similarities do the fields of UX/UI design and Instructional Design share? How might an ID begin to break into the realm of UX/UI?
Is there a way to save browser windows in folders on my computer?
What is a UI designer?
What is a good UI/UX hourly rate for Bay Area designer?
What is user experience element?
Adam Mosseri: What is it like to manage both Interface and News Feed?
What is the average UI&UX Desiger salary in United Kingdom?
Can I feedback on my UI/UX Design portfolio to improve my chances of getting a summer internship?
What is the best way for me, as a developer, to voice concerns in the current UX/UI design?
How can I run code in the background in Python while providing an interface for the user to continue to interact with the program?
What are some websites with worst UI design?
Why does Microsoft keep launching garbage Windows UI for servers nowadays?
Are there any UX/UI design bootcamps in India?
Is a Macbook the best choice for an aspiring UX Designer? I love Windows, but there's a Sketch-shaped hole in my toolbox. What would you do?
What is the user getting in various current social media platforms? My focus question is ,"is a user growing as an individual or just a time pass"?
What is a UI/UX developer?
What is the ROI of UI/UX design changes?
I'm about to finish a UX/UI bootcamp and have to build a portfolio website, but don't have the time to design and code one. What options do I have?
What can I expect from a Senior UI Engineer interview at Tesla?
What are the good websites to download Android UI Kit?
What kind of services can replace their UI/mobile apps with bots?
What are some UI and UX design principles I should keep in mind when designing a website?
How do I change the UI labels once the Language change happens in Android without restarting the Activity?
Is there a Job which is a combination of coding and UX/UI- Design? 
Is there a way to convert an uiml file into interface java? Uiml (User Interface Markup Language)
What technology used for developing successfactors employee central UI?
Could anyone analyze a prototype (of a mobile app about smarter traveling)? 
How much should I charge for the UI design of a music player app in India? Includes branding and icons.
Why is there a scroll on Quora login page?
Is product design related to UI and UX design?
Is copywriting a part of UX design process?
Were there any examples of using data to implement a new UI feature at Facebook?
What is the difference between paper wireframe and paper prototype?
How do you learn user experience?
I'm a UI/UX mobile app designer. How do I go about getting freelance work? What are the best websites etc?
Why is branding essential in user interface?
What is the going hourly rate for a contract mobile user interface designer in the SF Bay Area?
How in depth should I complete a wireframe before beginning UI design?
What do UX/UI Designers do? What kind of skill set is required for this role?
As of March 2016, what are the best designed iOS apps?
What political parties have the very best user experience?
What country have the very best user experience?
On its homepage, why does Medium use a wide variety of font styles for story excerpts?
I'm working on my design portfolio, doing daily UI assignments and need feedback to improve my work. Where should I post my work?
I received a job offer as a "Design Engineer" but will be doing UI/UX design, not coding. Should I ask them to change it or does the title not matter?
What have you learnt while designing mobile apps?
How can I display a tree structure in an interface?
Does the UI or UX matter more for a Hospital Management System?
What is the difference between UI and UX? Can anyone explain it to me?
Why are there so few mobile apps and websites with a dark UI design?
What is the user interface developer salary in india?
What kind of questions are asked in a UI architect interview?
What can I do to get into UI/UX design?
How will the role of Product Designers change with conversational interfaces?
LAUX: What are the customary hourly rates (and/or rate ranges) for UX/UI/IA designers in the Los Angeles Metro area?
I'm 40 and I want to become a UX designer, but I'm afraid of ageism in tech. Is it going to be hard for me to get/keep a job in UX in tech after 50?
Does Facebook show a different feed UI in India than in the U.S.?
How do I learn UI design as web designer?
What companies have the very best user experience?
Is it possible to interface sensors LA 25-NP and LV25-P with ADE7751?
What are your views on Quora Android App UI changes?
What consumer products have the very best user experience?
Will Messenger adopt even more adaptive conversational interfaces?
How would you compare Songza and 8tracks interfaces?
How do I become a designer for apps/websites/ui?
How can I change profiles from UI designer to Front-end developer or UI developer?
What is the best user research certification program?
What do you think in improvement of Facebook look and design?
What clubs have the very best user experience?
Bad design: On electric cooktops, why does a small light panel show which plate is hot, instead of lighting up the actual plate?
What startups accelerators have the very best user experience?
I have read lot of UX/UI material and know the basics but how can I build up my portfolio with real-world projects?
What are some examples of intelligent user interfaces?
How can I optimize conversion on a newsletter popup?
Which is best UI Framework for Mobile App (Android + iOS) along with Meteor+Blaze combination?
Is it common or uncommon for large companies to require that their UX/UI designers use Adobe products?
As a new design student graduate, is it better to start my career as a UX/UI designer at a small startup, a medium-sized startup, or a big tech company?
Which is the best user experience design firm in pune?
What are the most portable and distribute-able user interface libraries for use on mobile, web and desktop?
Why cant we see Active Symbol (Green Dot) on Quora when they are online (using Quora), like Facebook and other social media?
Which are a few good UI/UX designers in Bangalore?
User Interface Design: What tips or advice would you give to someone that is new to UI design?
How do I start a user experience project from scratch?
Will web developers and UX/UI designers have higher chance of getting jobs in the virtual reality space once it starts booming in next 2-3 years?
What startups are working on brain-computer interfaces?
What beds have the very best user experience?
Why did Instagram change the "posting time" from above to down recently? What will it change? Conversion rate?
Is the linux top command considered a captive user interface?
How will the role of Product Designers adapt to conversational interfaces?
What makes up a UI kit?
What are the pros and cons of design an infinite feed/scrolling to chat layout like WhatsApp?
Would Microsoft pay for a new desktop UI/UX?
Is the average smartphone user spending most of their time in chat interfaces?
What startup incubators have the very best user experience?
What is UX/UI design and what does it stand for?
When will Quora stop changing their UI?
Who designed the Day One app user interface?
How do Facebook PPC ads perform in attribution platforms vs. the Facebook UI numbers?
Who are the largest service providers for building user interfaces for SMART TV, MSOs, and streaming devices?
How do you structure files of UI/UX Project?
Why does Quora change the UI constantly?
What is a good resource for an iOS app UI design workflow?
Where should I start in order to be an UI designer?
Why do multimedia players have laggy UI's but can play at 60fps?
How can I learn to make good UI for my Android apps?
How should I price my services as a UI/UX web designer?
How do I build a modern web interface that runs on my Python script?
What are some issues you run into while using the LinkedIn interface to connect with others?
What makes user use pepperfry?
What are some issues in WhatsApp's UI/UX?
What search engine have the very best user experience?
Is it good to select the best offer or coupon code for your customer on the cart page, by default, or let the customer choose it? Which is better UX?
Why does the Airbnb message thread on the web add new messages to the top?
Why is Gmail compose box so small?
I want to develop HTML5 CSS3 UI for application software but want to use JAVA in backend. How to do implement this?
What are some great examples of basket and checkouts on apps and web?
Is Quora constantly doing A/B testing, or do they really roll back changes constantly?
When did Adobe start designing the Photoshop UI - in Photoshop?
How do you balance successful dark UI patterns with creating a good experience?
How close is Product Design as a role to UX Design? I see the expectation of a strong UI Design skillset for it, but UX to be more process focussed?
Instagram(API): What tools should i use to make a photobook printing service?
What are examples of great political rebuttals?
What chairs have the very best user experience?
Do you have any experience with AppliancesConnection?
How does Facebook measure whether its UIs to improve user trust and sentiment are successful?
What is UI in coding?
I want to use the UI used in displaying news in way2 app in Android. What is that activity name and where can I find it?
What are some examples of a great UI design portfolio?
What is the best UI design training institute in Hyderabad?
How do I design a desktop software interface in C#?
How long to design a whole web application with roughly 15-20 screens. It's comparatively complex (ONLY UI UX NO development/Coding) ?
What features would you consider helpful or "must have" in a search engine used for matching suitable UX/UI mentors with mentees?
What are the most polished Android apps in terms of user interface, not including Google (company)'s native apps (e.g. Gmail, Talk, Calendar, etc.)?
Why should I be a UX/UI designer when there are so many designers/freelancers already working in the this field?
What language one should learn to become UX/UI designer specially in IT firm?
Can I have some feedback on my Ui/Ux Design portfolio?
What are the best UI examples of filtering content?
I want to be a UX designer. I've had several interviews, but so far people always want to see coding examples. What is the minimum I should show?
What private investigators have the very best user experience?
What colleges have the very best user experience?
Where can I learn a flat illustration style for UI design?
User Interface Design: Given a URL, how can I get that website's color palette?
Has Google updated their material design UI for Android N?
Do you have any experience with Bestthaiamulets.com?
Is there anything like PaintCode for Android?
How do you feel about the new Quora interface (March 2016)?
User Experience: What are some usability or information architecture horror stories?
What desks have the very best user experience?
What are the best UI example for sorting ebooks/online resources?
What are the fundamentals of being a User Experience Designer?
What cities have the very best user experience?
What real estate agency websites/apps have the best user experience?
Why home appliance are so badly designed?
What things would you remember while making an interface?
As a designer, how do you call the guidelines you give to the programmer about the positioning of specific elements of the user interface?
How could I use programming generate *.datadesign file instead of graphical user interface with Actuate BIRT Designer?
How useful is this curriculum for me, considering I want to become an User Experience Designer?
What schools have the very best user experience?
Opinion: does the Internet, and its biggest user interfaces such as Google, make becoming successful extremely viable? Why or why not?
I recently joined a company as an entry level UI designer and prototyper. Which skills should I focus on honing?
What are the best tools suited for creating animations or transitions for user interface?
What are some user interface patterns for web apps that are used to drive a conversation between the user and another person?
Which UI/UX bootcamp would you recommend: Tradecraft (SF) or Designation (CHI)?
What computer screen have the very best user experience?
What problem solving skills separate a 6 figure salaried UI designer from someone earning minimal income on a freelance site?
How is it about working as a Application Interface Executive in TCS?
It is recommended to build a mobile app before a webpage?
What is the best way to get a job in UI design without having UI background in India?
What is the interface provided by to acess the services of the operating system?
Is it possible that a site with good UX/UI still have UX/UI flaws seen by someone else?
Is using DirecX 11 a good way to make a full custom UI for my software?
Is it possible to interface 8085 directly with LED?
What is called as c- interface in cables?
How might I have a career working with brain-computer interfaces, without obtaining a degree?
How would the Facebook web UI be different now if Alan Cooper had designed it?
Is it possible to hack/change the UI of an iOS app?
Which online media companies such as Facebook, Pinterest, and Houzz are currently working on a virtual reality version of their interface?
What's the best tool to build a UI for an Unreal Engine game?
Why is Indeed.com UI so poor?
Which companies in Delhi are offering UX/UI design internships?
What is an Application Program Interface (API)?
How is the course PG dioloma in UI design and development of 'ICAT Design & Media College' Bangalore?
Jeremy Stoppelman: Why is Yelp's UI so cluttered?
What are some great sources for e-commerce product related news, innovation, mobile insights, etc?
What printer have the very best user experience?
Doctors, do you feel that the different interfaces that you interact with daily sometimes have an effect on your performance?
What is the best online free course to learn UX and UI design for a beginner?
What are some sites where I can practice my UI design skills?
Is there a single place to edit/update all of my short bios at once?
What is the best object language for coding rich web interactive interface?
What is the simplest design thing you have used or seen?
How do I build my own GUI framework from scratch?
Why doesn't MongoDB offer an official admin GUI?
Should we design our company's signature web app framework for our software products (ASP .NET web applications)?
What is the best designed product/service/application in terms of user experience?
How can I improve the user interface of my app on Android?
How and when is video data best utilized for usability studies? Are there any free tools or screen + camera recording apps you'd recommend?
What tools/languages use Facebook to build the website UI according to these short CSS classes _1mf7 _4jy0 _4jy3 _4jy1 _51sy?
What is the camera angle of the video background on paperless post's website? What is film speed?
Are there any great examples or frameworks for configuration settings UI on desktop?
Why not all network interfaces have an ifcfg file?
Has there ever been a project to translate the Desktop OS metaphor onto a mobile device?
What are the best tools to create designs like background, game characters, layouts for mobile apps, etc for mac?
What is the best way to do non-UI animation on the web?
Are there any UI automated tools that can test software reports?
Why swipe is not widely used instead of scroll in applications for computers?
Are there alternatives to broadway backend?
What are good resources for UI design patterns for desktop software?
What will be the next stage in the evolution of the user interface?
What do you think will be the next interface we use to interact with the internet?
Is the User Interface of Windows 8 more logical than that of Windows 10?
Why does healthcare software typically have such a terrible UI/UX?
Can you show me bad UX/UI examples and good ones?
Why there are three colour blocks on thesaurus.com?
What are the top three CSS documents showing exceptional desktop GUI design?
What is the best path to get into user interface/experience design and/or coding?
How do you make money on Craigslist, and what is the limit, or even average someone can make with the user interface?
I am a UI/front-end developer with a total experience of 5 years. How can I apply for abroad?
Do you prefer white bright background or black dark background when reading?
Bram Cohen: What is the UI framework/libraries used to develop Bit Torrent?
Why isn't Apple suing Ringing Bells' Freedom 251 over User Interface copyrights?
Can I change the VibeUI to default UI in Android?
When will ethereum get a UI client?
How would I code a simple interface that controls up/down left/right scrolling within a browser window?
Why is Quora's interface a navigational nightmare?
Is lazy load a form of pagination?
Daniel Ek: Do you have UI/UX Designers that view your updated platforms before it is released to the public?
What train ticket buying website have the best user experience?
What are the best schools to learn UX/IA/ID/UI in the world and why?
What computer have the best user experience?
What is KPI for a UX designer for reward purpose?
Who is responsible for (NIC) National Informatics Centre's UI/UX design?
How can I build a box like this in CSS and JavaScript?
Are there any companies working on real-time hand movement recognition through a mobile phone camera?
What is the programming behind Google's loading animations?
What are some list of design languages?
What are some good examples of immersive user interface in video games?
How do I convince a fellow new UI designer (I'm one too) that every design decision does not need to come from another application?
What are some ways I can personalize my mobile app to improve the user experience?
When it comes to project management system, what is more important for you - interface or functionality?
What factors should I consider to evaluate UX/ UI design firms?
What is the best tool to prototype UI animation for mobile apps?
What are some benchmark examples of well-executed style guides?
How do I design a mobile app (at system level, not UI)?
Are there any reputed UI/UX Design Certification training, diplomas or degree courses in Toronto?
Which website has the best UI in india?
Why doesn't topcoder improve their UI to make it more approachable for beginners?
Has any research been done on the connection between Microinteractions and User Journeys?
How does one create a video game user interface?
Is there a way to sell mobile UI Designs I made in Sketch3?
What makes a wedding photographer's websites bad?
How come I can only view the Edits on certain questions?
Is it better to be a Product Designer or Product Manager?
What headphones have the very best user experience?
Is it easy or difficult to get UI design jobs in Germany?
What coffee making machine have the very best user experience?
How do I design beautiful C# UI ? Can I use CSS?
What is the difference between UI and wireframe?
How do I start developing a game with good User Interface in Android? What are the softwares required apart from Android Studio?
In the Go language, why is an interface considered a type?
I'd love to hear some reviews of FrontApp. What are you/your company using it for, how is the UI, and what features really stand out?
Is mobile computing (phone/tablet) truly more ux/UI effective than the mobile desktop (laptop)?
Do other users also find it annoying that Question Stats has moved below Related Questions?
User Interfaces: Are there any UX/UI developers and backend developers interested to work in Pune India based startup?
As React is a front-end, UI library, how comes it improves an app's speed?
Why are sci-fi and technical interfaces usually dark and monochromatic?
What vehicles have the best user experience?
How do I give material UI to kitkat?
Ramez Naam: What will be the first wide-scale brain computer interface technology?
How do I make a websites which adapts to 4k resolution?
What is API (Application Programme Interface)?
If UX freelancers are getting paid so much why are user interfaces getting worse?
Where can I find UI/UX courses in Mumbai?
How could I be proficient in UI/UX Dev on iOS?
What are the best platforms for freelance UI Designer?
Should UI be running on a different node process than express server? What are the best application architectures for a node.js application?
Ideally how much interfaces an app should have?
I have grouped the apps on my mobile, but I still find myself looking into the smaller icons rather than the group name. Is it only me?
Are there any UI internships available at Base22?
Are there any UX / UI design agencies in the Philippines?
What metrics should you monitor to notify you if there's a problem when you make a major change to the user interface of your company's website?
What are the best productivity tools for web and UI designers?
How do I calibrate interface level using DP transmitters?
What is considered best practice when using visual tree structures for searching?
Why would someone use PHP on the server if the UI does many realtime JS calls?
How did text-based user interfaces evolve into graphical UIs?
Ramez Naam: What are the most promising non-invasive brain interfaces that we can expect see find their way into the consumer market?
What excites you about the future of user experience?
How far away are we from usable brain-computer interfaces?
How can I develop a new voice user interface in c#?
Having fixed header always is better or having auto hide header while scrolling is better?
What should a UI designer learn to be in product management or executive position?
What are the best interface patterns for truncated text on mobile?
How many different social website/forum UIs does the world really need?
What are some simple ways to make a bootstrap user interface look good?
What are the skill sets required to design virtual interface?
How can one proceed in UX/UI if fallen in SAP ABAP developing?
How can UI designers measure the cognitive/working memory load of their UI design on their users?
What are some online speech to text tools or mobile apps which can be easily personalised?
Why do trading systems have black background?
What is the best ui widget for react?
What are mobile UI kits and how do I use them?
What are the top 10 universities in the world to study UX/UI design (Masters)?
Could iPhone front button be intuitively useful as MacBook TouchPad?
Where can I get online advanced training videos for Coded UI and its applications?
What would be the top 5 UX / UI technologies that would effect industries in future?
How does one go about recruiting UI/UX Designers in India?
Why does Reddit have such a bad user interface?
Should Facebook borrow the 'Suggest Edit' feature from Quora?
Judging by 2004's web ui/ux standards, was Facebook's design good or bad?
What are ways you can quantify user experience?
Who and how should use a global service in response to GUI action?
What do you think of Quora's UI update?
How does a talented Graphic designer with a very good visual sense gets into UI (User Interface) & UX (User Experience)?
Why does Quora have such a bad user interface?
How much can an inquiring and aspiring UI and design freelancer make (weekly, monthly, yearly)?
What are some washer/dryers with minimal user interfaces?
What are most important features for ensuring good user experience for a telemedicine app?
What are some really good resources for learning Adobe Illustrator CC 2015?
For UI designer should required deep knowledge of UX design?
What do you think about my app's website?
Why can't Google figure out that I want English as my default language?
Gesture Recognition: Is AirBar going to be a smooth user experience as it is claimed in its ads?
Do UI/UX or Web Designers actually download and use Ui Kits?
I can't decide to choose between UX/UI Design and mobile development, but I should move in one direction. How should I decide?
Which are the top UI/UX design firms in Boston?
Which plugins & libraries you have added in Android Studio to automate and speedup android app development so you can focus on coding instead of UI?
What would be the best widget for associating node to the domain"In my design the concept is to click on the node and associate to the domain "?
What stream to choose after class 10th to become a ui designer?
What can be improved in the following UI design screens?
Is defining alternatives to hover state on touch devices using jQuery affects SEO?
Will Microsoft ever again let users of Windows select their preferred user interface colors?
What are the reasons people prefer mobile apps than web interface?
What are some examples of UX/Ui animation that reduce interstitial anxiety?
What is the first step of UI designing?
Are creators of "walled gardens" more admired than loathed?
Why isn't Facebook developers making their Android app's UI to Material Design? Do they hate Android or something?
Is there any mobile phone above iPhone in comparison of brand, UI and features?
If all information that exists as text (books, newspapers, websites etc.), existed only as speech. What would be the pros and cons (theoretically)?
I am UI/UX guy, how can I find co-founder for startup?
What is the best way to pick up little UX/UI design side projects?
How do I change career to ui design/developer?
What are some Linux distributions focused on UI?
What do you think of this app design? Feedback wanted. (Commuting app)
Why is Spotify migrating to Java instead of Scala, Groovy, Clojure or some other JVM based language?
Is it possible to redesign the UI of an app in the play store and ios store?
What's a typical day like for a User Interface Engineer at Medium?
Why is/isn't following iOS Human Interface Guideline a good idea for a great and unique design?
What mobile application should we develop for showcasing our work to our clients?
Rebekah Cox: Will Quora benefit from machine translation? Could Quora reach it's international market fast with it?
What are some lessons learnt from early virtual reality forays like 'Second life'?
Quora Bugs: How come the "Upvote" button is missing on comments made by someone who has blocked you, but only in the web interface?
In what instance would a graduate degree in UI/UX be worth it?
I started a UI/UX design business targeted to startups and new business. How do I market to them?
Is "Zero UI" Design mentioned in a FastCompany article really a thing?
Why do my Google icons break when my site goes live?
Do you have any suggestion which app is good for writing with distraction-free but appealing user interface?
Will web UIs diminish as people spend more time on devices than on desktop and laptop computers?
Can a java application be tweaked to display improved UI responsiveness (i.e competing with native applications)?
I want to modify android source code for my own specific device. How should I start?
What was the Quora UI looking like from day one till 2016 at various stages?
In Unity, is there a better way than to keep a copy of the UI in each scene?
What are some good (=polished UI) apps built with Appcelerator Titanium Mobile for both Android AND iPhone?
What will the PC user interface of 2025 be like?
Is there a free service I can use to easily prototype the graphic interface of a website? I just need an image showcasing how my site would be.
Can one be a good UX designer if he/she is a UI developer and how feasible is it to switch between the two?
What is the best analytics tool to map out user journeys and workflows?
What are the UI frameworks I can use for my startup?
Where I can find quality online graphics design (UIUX) and app development courses for my team?
Swift: Any shortcuts to making a professional looking app?
Why is Instagram so badly designed and why is it still successful? (No zoom/full screen, no desktop uploader, bad filters, bad cropping etc.)
Is it a good practice to expand all lines in Illustrator for a final icon deliverable or is this a personal preference?
What are some interesting facts to know about the people, organizational structure and business model behind Elementary OS, Elementary LLC?
How do I create a web interface like those used by Xender for my android application?
Ratemyprofessors.com: Is Rate My Professors less usable after its recent user interface change in 2014?
Which Programming Language should I use to build UI Based Tool to query a Medium sized Db and extract the result ?
I like ux/ui designing but I'm not much into coding. Can I opt for MS in CS?
Graphical User Interfaces: what are pros and cons of transparent devices seen in science-fiction movies such as "The Expanse" or Avatar?
What is the best application for UI design?
What makes developing a searching and booking algorithm and user interface for such companies as travel websites and aggregators complex?
What are some tips you'd give to a designer just getting started with Mobile UI design?
Why is the user interface on Quora App (Android) always changing?
Why is there no library catalog interfaces used by library users whereby online renewal book due dates are emailed immediately to the online user?
I have $6000 to spend on part time UX or UI design classes online or in Chicago. What class should I take?
Which is the best 3 monitor setup for ui/ux work, programming, photo editing? (I am getting a new laptop which can handle 3 external displays)
What is the standard for designing user flows for Adobe Target?
User Interface Design: How much in demand are UI designers in video games?
Are there any good books on hand coded UI Tests on C#?
What are the good UI/UX UG institues/colleges/schools in India?
When exactly are you removing your audio interface unsafely?
What is the mobile user interface?
Do power users and developers find web UIs annoying?
How will TheGrid.io impact on user experience (UX) design?
I am a motion graphic designer. What is the best way for me to transition into doing UX/UI design?
What are some of the best articles, blogs, white papers, books about UI design principles for both desktop browser and mobile app?
What are the best examples of poor Apple user interface design?
Does the size of a search box affect how often people use it?
What are some examples of good design?
What can I learn in 5 minutes about colors that will help me in making good design?
How should I move into UX design field with 2.5 years of experience in visual design?
Is it possible to get a full time job in UI (User Interface) design without having a UX (User Experience) background?
Is there an online design portfolio service, which lets the user share the portfolio through a private link, without making the portfolio public?
Serkan Piantino: How does AI impact Facebook's UI/UX?
How can I build a HTML-UI RStudio shiny application that actually works?
Which Javascript UI framework is the easiest to start using?
What is an interface table?
Is there a tool that would give me a dropbox like web UI for my files & folders in my home directory?
Which country is best to study masters in UI/UX design?
What are some court systems that use e-filing with relatively better UI/UX?
How do I update the result in graphical user interface in javax.swing.*?
How can I replicate Product Hunt's navigation and header layout? (navigation bar with a centered logo and nav items surrounding it on either side)
Where is the best place to find good UI designers in Baltimore, MD?
Google touts Material as a 'visual language'? What are some other examples of visual languages (in a similar context to that of Material)?
From a UI/UX standpoint, why are casino slot machines so poorly designed?
I founded a tech-startup, but want to be more involved in the product development. How can I learn UI?
Who can send me a Dribbble invite link?
Which Colleges or Universities in Canada are most affordable for pursuing Diploma in Web Design or UX/ UI?
Is there scope for SOAP UI?
What is the best Web Design companies in Egypt?
I have the right crew to develop a good web platform what should be our concerns at an early stage in terms of user interface should we care?
How Unity desktop can be more productive than any of more traditional?
Which AdWords optimization software has the best user interface?
What are the best UI/UX designing tools for Windows?
Where is the best place to find a UI design position?
Why is the UI of LinkedIn's new mobile app so much similar to Facebook?
What are the best books about measuring the user experience UX/UI ?
What do I have to know about UX / UI design?
What are some of the best softwares developed in terms of user experience and understandability?
What is the UI to invite people to an app via a text?
Are there any android tools that helps to create a design of the UI of an app, then automatically outputs code for it?
What design skills are needed in replicating the asana.com site?
How many people have become successful from using Amazon as a UI?
Why the menu bar in Mac OS is always attached to the top edge of the screen?
How are user interfaces (CLI and GUI) written? What area of computer science deals with this?
Can a 37 year old woman begin a career in UX/UI design and actually get hired?
Can you be a UX/UI/Web designer without knowing programming at all?
How do I implement C# interfaces cleanly and create reusability?
Any real time application is working on Kendo Ui?
Which one is better for GUI development: coding or GUI design?
What kind of colors or textures should you use on a website that convinces people to use your service or buy your product? Besides the product itself.
It's 2016 and I'm getting into UI design, what would be the quickest path to paying my bills working full time as a UI designer?
Why do Kaskus place too many ads in their main page, instead of place it in a smart way to make user comfortable with it?
To pursue a career in Web UI design and development which technologies should you learn? What are the best source for learning them?
How are ui animation/transition created?
I want to be a UX designer. What are some things that I absolutely need to know how to do?
How do I organise my UI elements in my Unity workspace?
What's the best way to learn iPhone apps UI design?
Which is the best website to get information about upcoming UI/UX conferences?
Which are some good universities to pursue UI/UX design master's in US?
What is the best onboarding kit?
What websites do the best job at letting users interact with a demo of their product before they register?
Which is easiest for a beginner to learn - UI or UX designing?
What are intention-driven user interfaces?
How much was Steve Jobs' personal contribution e.g. designing the user interface or engineering aspects of the iconic Apple products?
Do I have to know something about UI or UX before go to an interview if I graduated as a Graphic Designer?
What should I do to launch Sublime Text 2 from the terminal on Linux (Ubuntu)?
Why do you use an interface in a Java project environment?
Is Tizen Watch UI available as open source?
How does extjs render its UI?
Front-End Web Development: What is the best way to do 'Recent searches' /'Instant Searches' before user types in a text box?
I am hiring for a company that is specifically looking for UI designers with a gaming background. How do I reach out to the design community?
How can I program an interface in Python?
How can I find a UX/UI research focus group to join in London, UK?
Why does Quora not get the number of my answers right in its new UI?
Where can I find resources to learn UI design in photoshop?
Is there any difference between running wireshark on wire and wireless interface?
What is the quickest way to learn how to be a UI/UX designer in the UK? My background is Fashion and Administration-This is a career change.
How has Salesforce gotten away with such terrible UX / UI?
How does it feel working at Lollypop UI/UX design studio as a designer?
I intend selling GUI Kits I want to use images has a demo in the placeholders, my problem now is getting free images without copyright issue?
Has anyone taken the UI/UX Design 101 course at New York Code + Design Academy? If so, what was it like and would you recommend it?
Which apps are the best for the iPad mini in terms of UI and UX design?
What is the significance behind the colors and shades added to search entries on Pinterest?
Does VIBE UI by Lenovo gets regular updates?
Can EEG help power Intention-driven user interfaces?
What kind of login should I insert in my website?
Where can I find a good sample of kendo UI and JayData?
Which Smart TV integrated platform has the best UI, best apps, best content, most breadth, best horizon to continue?
What does it mean that templates in C++ lack good interfaces?
What website has the best experience for creating a course?
As a UX/UI designer do you design every single page and state of a website?
What are the legal ramifications of creating a tech product that has Google Analytics screenshots in the user interface?
Is there a legal problem with creating a software UI similar to existing one?
With the new UI, where did my Quora credits go?
What is System UI?
Adam D'Angelo: Why the Quora has such a poorly designed UI on its Website and App which is very painful to use?
Any website dev tools that allow you to drag and drop UI elements on views/pages, while allowing you to wire the logic underneath with javascript?
What is the best way to indicate required fields in iOS?
If I am designing UI of a web application on Photoshop, what resolution should I choose?
How do I get into Automotive interface design?
Where can I find the glossary about website UI or functions?
What do UI/UX designers think of GoodUI's ideas?
Why is the Quora systematization of knowledge (answers) so underdeveloped?
What makes iOS user interface stand apart from android?
Which is the most user friendly OS for PC?
Chamath Palihapitiya: How much machine learning is impacting the social media? How much possibility is there for UI to be dynamic based on machine learned analytic?
I'm interested in UI/UX and front end development. Are there any online learning materials that I could look into?
Is it good to have a same usual layout for every website design or to do something new?
What is the best way to learn to design icons for iOS?
Would it be more cool to have a user interface design with depth which interacts with the gyroscpoes on your device?
Who are the best ui designers in Serbia?
How do I build a simple data portal/UI?
What is the purpose of Interfaces in Java? A method inside the interface doesn't have any code then why do we need it?
What is the resolution of images for each density folder (LDPI /MDPI/HDPI) in android?
How long would it take to learn to develop a UI on Python?
How do I apply to the position of an Interface Designer at CodeNation?
Can any body explain about comparator and comparable interface and how it works with simple example?
What is the benefit of building a custom ui kit?
What is the best GUI (Graphic User Interface) tools for Rapid Application Development in Java Web JavaServer Pages/JavaServer Faces?
Why does Quora have no white space left-margin on my iPad Air 2?
I live in Morocco, I'm a blogger and a mobile UI/UX designer, is it possible for me to get a job in Silicon Valley?
What are the emerging trends in UI web design?
What is the scope in future in the field of user interface designing?
Is it better to have two or one UI/UX people?
What is Universal transducer interface?
What free software or web apps allow (high/medium fidelity) prototyping with real time collaboration?
What is the proper name for the location icon?
Luis Von Ahn: How did you first learn about the value of a good user experience?
Information Architecture: Is it a best practice to display or hide empty fields in views of metadata?
What are the famous framework used for UI in iOS?
What is best rolling, stable and attractive UI based Linux distributions for beginner?
How should an ideal Quora UI look like?
Where can I test UI on my website?
What are all the essential tools/languages that one should know to become a UI/UX designer?
Will there be any change in power consumption if Google, Facebook and other high traffic websites start using a darker UI?
What is pattern base UI design testing?
User Experience: How small can I size company logos?
Are there any phone trees with UIs?
How do I connect the Sketch 3 UI design for the iOS app to the UIKit Framework?
How strict is apple in enforcing the developer requirement of using certain standard buttons and icons?
Why are search bars at the top and message input boxes always at the bottom?
What is the role of UI/UX designer? What are the things to be known in UI/UX design?
What interfaces should I use if I want to build a mesh (from a point of cloud) in CATIA using CAA&Rade?
Am I the only one who thinks Amazon should change it's website UI?
What's the most undervalued UI element or pattern?
How Digital Agencies involve the client in the process of discovery, design and development of his product?
Who designed Instagram's logo and its UI?
Is it possible to get a full time job in UX Design without having a UI background?
What's the state of the art for coding UIs and what's the future of it?
What is Google user experience research?
Is there any User Experience (UX) Research out there for how users search/browse art digitally?
What are the few mobile apps which have great UI/UX?
Can you recommend books for a beginner who wants to learn UI design?
How do IOS Dynamic skins user interface in-app purchases?
How much demand of UI/UX developers is there in India?
Is there any way to integrate Drools with a C#.NET UI application? Is there any available tutorial for the same?
How filled out of a portfolio should a UI/UX designer have before pursuing a career in product design?
Are there any websites that will display/mirror reddit or other websites using a different front-end/UI?
I'm applying for product design and UI/UX internships. What should my portfolio look like?
I just got a job as a UI developer.  Is this a good career path?
For multi-lingual users, would it be better to use a single universal international keyboard layout or switch among multiple national layouts?
So how many of you think that the interface of Quora should be changed?
How difficult is it to land a UI or UX job in the current market?
I am a beginner in coded UI (visual studio). What is the site to learn coded UI scripting?
What are some good colors for a simple UI?
I am looking to use Sketch3 to reinvision an existing app. What is the best method to approach this without having to rebuild all the assets/vectors?
How do I customise filedepot UI?
What Associates Degree I should get if I eventually want to get a Bachelors Degree in UX design?
Gmail has misfiled this (valid) email in my spam folder... I want to prevent that in the future, but "Add to contacts" is not an option... why?
What are some good color combinations for a Social Network with a simple UI?
How do I change the icons of softwares?
How can I display my chrome extension's UI via injected content script?
What programming language is used to develop the User-Interface dashboard in cars?
What kind of UI framework is Google Chrome using?
Can an interface in java have default access?
Is there any DAWs with a similar interface to LMMS but more fully featured?
Mobile User Experience: What is the relationship of UI design and icon design?
What is (AIDL) - Android Interface Definition Language?
Adam D'Angelo: What are some of Quora's UI/UX principles?
What makes the design appealing?
What you think is the best designed news/magazine web site?
What is an impressive way for a UX/UI Designer to in introduce himself in a email?
Where can I learn Android UI designing to create a cool looking app ?
Is there a nice database manager that can connect to a remote online server?
How much bookmyshow will pay an experienced UI Developer?
How can I play with projects and see the user interface of code from a potential technical cofounder's Github?
Will Quora recalibrate its UI to deal with the latest Chrome updates?
What are the favours of a pop-up payment flow similar to Stripe's compared to an on-page registration flow?
What makes the Snapchat user interface successful?
What's the hardest thing about building a good User Interface for mobile?
How does the GUI interface in Linux work?
What are some good resources on the UI process from lo-fi to hi-fi prototyping?
Which main JavaScript framework was used to build the new single-paged Grooveshark UI?
Am I the only one who finds 90% of text on the Internet difficult to read (low readability)?
Do you think it's possible to hire an excellent employee for UI/UX development with 2-3% equity before investor funding?
I am unable to start LoadUI. It says, "The JVM could not be started. The maximum heap size (-Xmx) might be too large or an antivirus or firewall tool could block the execution". Any solutions?
How does a UI designer get a part time job?
Can you tell me some nice UI design tolls for PC?
Are there any UX / UI (design) institutes in US / Europe that accepts international students?
Why doesn't Quora have more view/layout options?
What are the essential features of efficient icons in UI design?
Why isn't Semantic UI used by many developers?
Are there any websites out there that change another sites design to be more appealing?
What is the difference between graphical shells, display managers and display servers?
Is spending thousands on a UX designer bootcamp necessary to learn UX? Or should I teach myself?
What design features/user interface should a science and tech forum community have to make it engaging and interactive?
How do I get from the standard-control look to a visually appealing User Interface?
Web Development: What do I need to do in order to get a job at a decent software company without a computer science degree? Which skills should I work on?
What are the best web UI design for human eye?
Which is best institute in Gujarat to learn Ui/Ux design course?
Are their tools for managing content and micro copy in dynamic web and UIs base on user profiles?
What are some examples of good data cleansing UI?
How do I create a custom navigation bar for a Genesis Wordpress theme?
Is it worth to learn icon design as a UI designer?
What are some good UX/UI or IxD Bootcamps that offer student loans or other forms of financial aid?
How do I build a great user interface for a Python based desktop application?
How do I build a UI like whatsapp?
What should my job title be? I am currently making a career switch from graphic design to UI/UX.
Where can I go to build an hardware interface?
How would the Apple "Knowledge Navigator" work?
Adam D'Angelo: When and how does Quora aim on providing user interfaces that can be used to teach complex topics?
User Interface Design: Do UI designers who code make more money?
How do interfaces work in Go (programming language)?
How much do freelance User interface designers earn?
Where should I start if I'm thinking of doing a project on human computer interface?
How do I know the power specs (V & A) going out of my laptop USB interfaces?
How do I make a gorgeous custom UI (not Holo/Material) for my Android app, like "DU Speed Booster"?
What are main benefits and drawbacks of user interface animation?
Does a company (or even CONCEPT for a company) you built on the Facebook UI/UX technically exist?
What is the pricing of Ansible Tower (web interface)?
Why doesn't the OpenOffice Interface text load and how can I fix it?
How can I turn my android smartphone UI into an iOS type interface?
Which recent app has the most innovative interface?
What are the different ways to keep the user engaged with your mobile app?
What surveys/questionnaires on smart phone use exist today from which I can copy/paste questions for my own survey on smart phone use?
Are there any GUI design tools out there for chrome apps?
What database design methods do I need to consider when implementing a website which will be based around user profiles and user management?
What is the future of new e-commerce user interface for live shopping experiances?
What was your worst user experience?
Can a Udemy certification in sketch 3 and a 3 month freelance UI/UX record get a (non-coder) full time UI/UX job or should I focus on freelance?
Is there a proper technical term for a hero image that fills the browser window, and only reveals content "below the fold" on a scroll?
Would a chat "side notepad" in which you take notes of long conversations, instead of reading them all over again to recall certain info Be any useful to anyone?
I worked in a company as a UI/UX engineer. I am currently reading about UX and working on a design on that research. Where am I now? Should I call myself a UX designer? What do you think about this portfolio? Behance
What is the best MIDI interface?
In which cases do you use Interfaces in C#?
UI/UX Designers: How do I convince a client that UI (not UX) design is important?
What is the "user interface" and how did it originate?
What are some free resources for a newcomer to learn UX and UI Design?
Will Adobe's Project Comet a competitor for Bohemian Coding's Sketch 3?
Does NearBuy hire UI/UX professionals?
What are the UI design principles?
How can i recreate the 'fixed scroll' effect of http://about.complex.com?
I am joining HCL as a UI developer from TCS, total experience being 2.8yrs at an hike of 50% . Is it a good decision?
I enjoy drawing UIs and website designs, can I somehow make money of it?
Are boot camps necessary when you're a beginner to UX/UI design? Will it give me the experience I need?
What are the advantages of the style of interface provided by the modern database approach?
What is the best UX and UI Design boot camps that you know of?
How many UX UI Interaction visual designer required to create Bigbasket like site?
What is AIDL - Android Interface Definition Language?
Is calculus ever used in UI design?
Is tabbed content good for user experience?
Do Quora users like or dislike the recent changes (around Dec. 6, 2015) to the user interface when answering questions? 
What are your opinions of designlab's new UX/UI Academy? What do you think about it?
Is Quora seriously not into UI improvement?
Which are the leading open source JavaScript UI layout engines and how do they differ?
Is Balsamiq the best wireframing tool on the market (March 2015)?
Are there ui/ux patterns for admin dashboards?
I have in my mind some of the best User Interface Designs, yet I don't know how to code much. How can I get started with coding? I feel paralyzed.
What is a better UX course, General Assembly or DESIGNATION: UX/UI Design Bootcamp?
What are some great (and clear) examples of Ferengi system UI?
I already have strong programming knowledge but I would like to become an interactive UI/UX designer. I understand it's not related with education, but what kind of degree or diploma should I hold? What kind of working industry is better to improve my knowledge?
How much more should I pay my career-changing UX designer over her more junior colleagues?
Is it good combination, JavaEE + UI Expertise?
Do startups need design (UI & UX) reviews? If they do, How much do you think should be paid for it?
Does the Android ROM file contain both Android OS specification programs as well as Device specific UI programs?
Is UI/UX Design a stable job? What are the day to day duties? Is it moving from project to project for clients?
What are some of the best strategies or approaches for designing and implementing a web-based user interface automation tests using Selenium?
What is the best way to learn Android UI/UX design quickly?
What should the PPI be for designing a UI in Photoshop?
What is the best and lovely challenge your ever faced on mobile platform as a UI Designer?
What are some examples of gorgeous, minimal, custom user interfaces for desktop applications?
Which UI framework is suitable to use in AngularJS for web development?
What are some examples of a bad user experience?
What is mobile usability?
Why the upgrades o smartphones are just limited to UI, Megapixels, processors, battery life? What will be the next avatar?
Is it wise to do masters in Interaction Design in Canada?
Quora: Can Quora make a better UI to capture questions?
Why does the UI for gitter, slack and mattermost look all the same?
I went from UI designer 45,000 a year to a Product Engineer (average pay is 69,000) but I still get payed 45,000. how do I appropriately ask for a readjustment of my salary?
What issues should a UI Designer consider for the design of a digital car cluster?
How do I find internships in either UX/UI Design?
Are there any professional UX & UI courses?
User Interface Design: How many Settings/Options should be displayed in a single section at one time?
Which is the best company to swap over from tcs for an UI Designer?
What all am I expected to know to become a UI/UX designer at Google?
What are good examples for advanced engineering software with a good usability?
What does "This website uses cookies to improve user experience" mean?
What portion of an app business would you give an app developer if you have already made the UI Design?
What are some of the best examples of websites following a minimalistic UI?
Can I make my android UI as lag fee as that of iOS?
What do you think of these interfaces?
Any articles about haptics and user interfaces?
How are companies like Quora, Slack, Uber, Flipkart, Alibaba and Xiaomi using Deep Learning / Machine Learning / AI to improve the user experience?
Why the user interface of mrunal.com hasn't been improved?
What are video games with really great UI design?
What is the purpose of a MIDI interface?
What are some companies using Machine Learning to power interesting alternative user interfaces?
Why has Popcorn Time's UI and UX degraded drastically with the current update?
Is there any specific reason as to why the webadmin UI was deprecated from Neo4j v2.3 onwards?
Why has Quora changed the Ask button UI element?
How do I get the complete documentation of UI Automation testing in iOS?
Where can I find a site with UI/UX design analysis?
How do I convince my startup teammates that user experience is important?
Which is better for iOS app UI design, Photoshop or Sketch 3?
Why isn't design more important in Silicon Valley?
How does a programmer meticulously make an iPhone App look aesthetically beautiful according to a UI/UX designer's blueprint?
What algorithms can be used to design more advanced user interfaces?
Should prototypes be used for UX or UI testing?
What is the best tool for designing UI for Android?
Why do we have interfaces in C#?
Where can I find a good teacher for selenium using C# or Coded UI?
What's the average salary for a UI/UX designer in utah? Do they get paid more than developers?
Can an experienced JavaScript programmer convert UI JavaScript into React.js code for an iOS platform?
Why maximum social network apps has blue ui?
What are the top 10 Android Apps of 2015?
Can I build my own UI on top of Moodle core, using its API? Are there any examples who have done it? How difficult would it be?
Can AI and machine learning automatically design UI of websites/interfaces to achieve the most effective design?
What physical object has the best user experience?
What are the most advanced tools out there to create cross platform user interfaces and to handle the process from design to development?
How do I apply for UX/UI design in NID?
Is there a demand for testers in the IT industry? If yes, what is the scope for coded UI?
How should a gambling site look like?
iPhones (product): Why are some iOS icons noticeably smaller than others?
I'm pretty good at designing UI/UX. But my english level is medium-low. How can I be inside of American market?
Why it is difficult for Facebook to change the UI?
What questions to ask an UI/UX web design company before choosing which one to create your company's website?
How do I upgrade the IRCTC website's GUI to a next generation UI?
How do I develop apps effectively on Android especially for Bluetooth communications and best user interface?
What skill is needed for a UX designer in a startup?
What are some linux distros with flat and transparent UI?
What is the best way to start learning about UI/frontend?
What's Gaurav Munjal's advice to an aspiring UI/UX designer stucked in a service based company?
Is UI/UX bootcamp worth it?
What technology/UI Framework was used to build Jira's dashboard?
Where can I find examples of UI/UX design explorations?
How do I get junior level ui jobs?
What's the best practice to view an image in UIPageViewController with UIImageViews?
How does wireframing help the user interface design process?
For UI/UX design would it be better to pursue a bachelor degree or a certificate in a place like General Assembly?
Is there a website for Sound Effects Design?
UX: Why does Twitter open the User Notifications as a complete page as compared to showing a drop down box (like Quora or Facebook)?
What is user interface evaluation? Discuss any two user interface evaluation techniques quote examples
Where can I find good UI/UX designers? (Need advice on NDA as well, since mine is still at a prototype level?
What is wireframing?
What's the cost of attending parson's ui ux program and how long is it?
Why is Twitter not upgrading its UI?
Can Winterboard or other theme engines restyle entire apps (the UI) on iOS 8+?
Can Angular JS be used to write a complete web application or it is just for UI/UX?
What the best software for UI design using macbook?
Why hasn't the presentation of Wikipedia changed over time?
Interaction Design: I am completely new to framer.js and have only HTML/CSS coding experience. Where to start?
What is the best job board for reaching UI/UX designers in Toronto?
What are user interface features?
Is the iTunes interface confusing?
What are the most difficult UX or UI challenges you've encountered as a UX designer?
I am not good with algorithms, but I am good in UI design and app development. Should I continue doing this or should I move to competitive programming?
Why is lamb more popular than mutton in the UK when it is clearly the inferior meat? If it's to do with cost-effectiveness how come other countries don't suffer the same problem?
Why are SMS bubbles for a current user on the right hand side?
Why are interfaces sometimes declared inside classes?
How do websites like Quora, Github display relative dates on the site?
What should a product manager be focused on when looking at improving a product's UI?
What tricks or inside knowledge about Sketch could you pass on to a brand new UI designer for iOS prototyping?
What does a User Experience platform?
How will internationalization improve interface design?
What are online boot camps for UX/UI design?
What are your thoughts on Quora's new messaging policy?
We at INKONIQ are looking for strategic partnerships for our overseas expansion in North America. What are the potential UX experience and mobile app agencies?
How do you build a UI on top of the backend of an app? I am almost a total beginner so it would help if you could anwer it in detail.
As a Java developer, why do I feel like I'm not good at learning and developing UI code in AngularJS?
Is it a bad idea to use a popup to display product details on an online store due to popup blockers?
Is it possible to get vehicle diagnose data from NON OBD Interfaces?
What would be a good icon or emoticon for "rebooting this computer"?
How do you deal with the user administration on a multi-tenant SaaS solution handling user removal and managing that kind of stuff?
Are there any freely available Android UI Kits in XML format that can be directly used into an app?
Who are some famous/ most recognizable designers in UX/UI design in the tech industry?
What are user interface standards?
Does Facebook really work for business and its UI?
Why are more and more user interfaces becoming entirely icon-based? Don't users find it frustrating to puzzle out what this or that little picture means?
What is the best user onboarding for iOS keyboard apps?
What UX/UI elements should be considered or used when designing a profile and registration page for a mobile children's game site?
Are there any tools which help create ui prototypes by actually touching the screen (touch based UI prototyping)?
How can I get into the UX/UI industry?
Why didn't Casey Neistat hire a UI designer for his app Beme?
How much does it cost to hire a freelance or contractor UI Designer?
Which UI framework does FreeCharge use in their development?
How to write an admin interface to view activities done by a specific admin user or on a customer?
Is there an inexpensive software widget that allows a user to call via VoIP another user through a website which can log the number of minutes and record calls?
Why does Wikipedia's UI look so bad?
Most User Experience Designers I know ride fixed-wheel bikes, wear beards, shave their heads, are coffee connoisseurs and live in hipster suburbs. Is this a worldwide phenomenon? If so, why?
I am working as a UI designer for 2 years.I dont have a formal training in design.I want to learn more. Should I do online courses or join university?
What are the best iPhone mockups?
What computer cleaner gives the user the sense that if they click yes to rid files that this action won't lead to bad consequences for the user?
What are your favorites javascript snippets that enhance UI?
What are some studies that have been conducted on the psychology behind making successful user interfaces?
How is using horizontal and vertical scrolling effects an app UX?
Are designers(i.e. UX, UI, or Product) at disadvantage creating a startup compared to engineers or business people?
Is it right way to display just the first letter of users' last name on a website?
What's the difference between content image, layout image, and interface image in specific?
What is the best path for someone wanting to get into UX/UI design, with no real previous programming/web design experience? Boot camps, 2 year computer science program?
I need an interface that allows me to create markups and make edits (and side comments) for each of our beta sites pages - so our web developer has clear instruction as what we are looking for. Does anyone know of freeware or a cloud based online system that allows for this capability?
How can I draw these icons in Photoshop or Illustrator?
What are some of the best eCommerce mobile app in terms of user interface?
What UI / UX design framework Asana using?
Why is Quora's UI displaying this symbol?
What's a better choice? Software developer or UX/UI designer?
Is it ok (allowed) to copy the design of UI (not the code) of some other app?
What are some of the best consumer product websites in terms of a great UX that isn't overcrowded with information?
Where can I go to learn about the newest UI/UX trends?
What is the codebase for a Good UI?
lll
What UX considerations have been made in the current Google plus redesign?
Can I use a custom UI style, which is much different from the standard one, for my iOS app?
What is the salary range for UI developer at nearbuy?
How does UX/UI Design differ from Web Development in terms of workload, stress, and overall job duties?
What is Quora doing about the user interface glitch -- The bug is that when people see a question in their feed which is accompanied by an answer, especially if they are new to Quora, they click on comment, thinking that is how to answer the question. They do not know to click on the question to go to its page to answer it. As a result, Top Writers and power users, whose answers are likely to be the ones shown, are inundated with comments that are actually answers to the question. I get several of these every day. It's a bug in the user interface that produces a bad human factors result.?
Where can I find user experience study gigs besides Craigslist or dscout?
How has user interface design evolved?
What are some best eCommerce websites in terms of UI designs?
How much can someone make from selling design assets on UI8?
What are the average salaries like for UX/UI?
Should I learn both UX/UI Design?
Why is the user interface for Mobile recharge in Freecharge got complicated?
User Interface Design: Is the min/max/exit button obsolete?
I have basic knowledge of angular js.Whenever I apply for ui developer profile, companies do not shortlist me as I havent worked on any project? What can I do?
Why does Careercup not have a great UI?
What are some good websites to learn UX/UI designing and developing?
Where can I find a good UI designer in Singapore?
What are the best user experience jobs?
Who is the best Brighton-born UI/X designer based in Hong Kong?
What are tangible user Interfaces?
Which crowdsourcing platform would be the best and cheapest for designing the user interface of the app?
What does user interface control?
If I implement RippleEffect in pre-lollipop versions, will that be against the Android Design Guidelines?
What are the little things that make a website/app UI enjoyable and pleasant to use?
How does pay compare for PHP server programmers for games in Silicon Valley vs C++ front end developers?
Is it possible to be an expert ux/ui designer as well as expert and well renowned javascript developer without simply being the jack of all trades in these two? If yes, How?
What kind of mobile software companies/organizations that is suitable for a UX designer/researcher uncomfortable in learning to code?
Google provides very detailed and precise guidelines for its material design principals. Are there other guideline documents on web application UI/UX comparable in detail to Google's material design?
How should I fix usability issues for a creative real estate website?
How can I use interfaces when building a user interface for my Java application?
What would you say are the most important tools/software to learn as a UX/UI designer?
How do I revert the new horrible Chrome UI bookmark mechanism into the previous version?
How much are UI Architects with 10+ years experience paid?
Which is the best user friendly compiler for C?
Can I overload an interface or not?
Where we can use interfaces in java realtime applications?
As a product manager, how can UX research and design make my product successful?
Can Google Material design be used by other designer?
Is it neccessary to have a technical degree to become a UI developer?
How do you do user experience research?
What are the user interface requirements?
What are the problems of Facebook's user experience?
Am I the only one who sees that Quora could do better in terms of user interface?
What are some examples of beautiful dashboard UI?
What is User Experience virtualization?
Can we create an instance for interface?
As an early stage startup, should we focus on building more features or on the UI/UX?
How do we set up and manage the interface between the organisation and its customer groups?
I'm doing UX/UI Design and I've been looking into Apple computers, which do you suggest?
Will the Wikimedia foundation invest in businesses based on Wikipedia that improve its user experience?
Which is better sense UI or touchwiz UI?
What brought you to UX or UI design? Or why did you become one?
What are the best practices for developing UI in Ext JS?
How much does ixigo.com pay to its UX/UI/Java script developers?
How do I use an android /iOS UI prototype into an actual app?
What does graphical user interface mean?
How can we represent an exception that is raised in DAO class in UI?
Is it hard to find UI Design jobs? If so should I just focus on web development?
Why iOS user interface design programmatically requires big workaround?
Where does one get resources on iOS & Android UI/UX design?
What tools and resources did you use to become a UI/UX designer? Were you a web developer first?
I am a talented UI/UX designer but without much experience to show. How can I make this a business?
In which person should a website communicate with its users?
How much demand of UI/UX developers is there in Switzerland?
What button text is better: New, Add or Create?
What are the best places for a product/UX/UI internship in the bay area?
When is human-brain interface technology likely to be commercialized?
Why are brain-computer interfaces useful?
Do you think that UX and UI design for one particular project should be done by one and the same designer to be more efficient?
Why does Quora insist I download their app at the expense of my user experience?
How can Interface Design improve a Car Dashboard?
I'm a web developer, is there any good source to learn design or UI?
I have an excellent interface for my individual user, but failed to make adequate for my business user. Where can I catch some ideas?
What are the best signup screens in desktop app?
Do I need to have a related degree for UI/UX job?
Am I on the right track on becoming a UI designer?
What would be natural extension of 3D touch in iPhone in terms of UI & UX?
What is top email ui client?
Can we interface LVTTL with LVCMOS?
Are there sites that offer contest/competitions for ux design?
Who are the most innovative user experience designers in the industry?
Is there a program like SceneBuilder which would generate raw Java code for a graphical user interface?
Will a good redesign of an app help me break into UX?
What are the best practices to make better user interface for data driven application? I am using Hiberante and JavaFx
What's so bad or frustrating about the Quora user experience?
Why does Quora keep on experimenting with its UI very frequently?
How can I change the cursor into a blurred circle?
What are some examples of apps that have a really good first use / new user experience and on-boarding flow and what makes them great?
How do I make UI of Product detail page like flipkart, snapdeal in iOS?
Is taking a few design classes via Udemy and 10-20 freelanced projects good enough to get a UI/UX job making at least 50k in 6 months?
Our company looking for a UI/UX engineer with salary can reach up as high as MYR7K. We are a startup based in Kuala Lumpur focusing on tourism industry. Is there a job portal especially hiring UI/UX devs?
What are some of the best material design user profile UI?
Is UI Development a good specialization?
What questions do designers ask in Google?
I want to start freelancing as a UX/UI designer in September 2016 and i have to make 4500.- per month with it. Is this realistic?
Can I become an elite UX/UI designer without ever using Photoshop?
I'm interested in UI, UX and identity Designing, can I get a good job and salary in future?
What is ONE thing you hate about Adobe Illustrator?
Which came first interface or abstract class in java?
What is a tool for prototyping hi fi mobile apps' interactions AND animations for ui/ux designers?
Quora's new (Nov 2015) layout is awful, everything is to the left, does it feel claustrophobic to you?
Could you describe some of the most interesting Dashboards / Modular UI you've made with Angular?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of giving users multiple ways to accomplish something?
Who is the lead UI/UX designer for WhatsApp?
I am UI/UX designer of site builder service. What the best exaples of UI/UX design for me?
What are the best examples of gamified UX/UI for data entry?
How can I learn UI/UX design for free?
Why are most Java projects cursed with Ugly User interfaces?
Should I buy Adobe Suite as a new UX/UI designer?
Which books should I read to learn graphic design for web development?
What are the TED talks you would recommend for UI/UX web and app designers?
What language(s) did Microsoft write their Windows 10 UI in?
Know of any examples of mobile app User Interface (UI) design using serif font faces?
Is it possible to define personas and maintain empathy for them when the B2B product they are for can theoretically be sold to any business?
What is the best way to understand the taste/choice of a socio-economic class you don't belong to for an interface design?
How do I find an awesome UX/UI Designer in London for Global Leading agency? (This is not my area!)
I am primarily a backend software developer, who occasionally has to work on front-end development. But I really suck at front-end design. Are there some good online resources/courses/videos that I can follow to develop decent front-end design skills?
Should CS students change their course of study if they want to become a UX designer?
Asus: Which UI is best: ZenUI or EmUI or Vibe UI?
Is there any well known websites/companies that have an app with bad user experience?
From where can I learn making attractive and commanding UI in Android?
I want to go into the field of UI/UX, but lack the necessary skills right now. Is it okay to start as a technical writer first?
What are the chances for a better designed user interface plugin, running over EMR software, to succeed?
What other apps use a swipe transition like this one?
What is your front-end development workflow for quickly iterating on a component that is deep in the UI?
What is the difference between a UX designer, a UI designer, and lastly, UX/UI designer?
Is there an online gallery for website UI animations?
What are all the free certifications for UI/UX design worth going for?
As a consistent user or contributor here what is and has been the best and least value to you and other users in your experience?
What are some site where I can practice my design skills?
What are some good canvas ui?
Has snapchat got the ui/ux of the future or will it be unique? What direction is ui/ux heading into?
Are there apps with a comparable ui /ux to snapchat?
How do I work in Google as a UI/UX Designer?
How did craigslist succeed with such a bland user experience, and what do graphic designers thins about it ?
How do we calculate interface clock of MII and GMII?
What are the primary business dashboards for SMBs?
What are the UI based XSLT editors available? I am looking for XSLT editors to generate xsl files which I am planning to use in cxf xslt feature.
What are some of the top user experience firms or agencies in the UK?
What are the easiest ways to design user interfaces for a library database system (local) when you know no C#,C++ or Vb?
What Should I learn to become Android UI designer?
What are the free online resources to UX and UI?
User Experience: What's UI/UX job responsibilities, does he/she responsible for the development of frontend using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. How does UI/UX work along with backend developer?
How do I find out whether I can become a UI designer?
What would you do to improve the user experience on www.price4limo.com?
Android Application Development: What would be the drawbacks if I do not design my app for 9 & 10-inch tablets?
Is Xamarin worth it to develop an UI/UX intensive application?
How do I make my personal brand as a UI/UX designer?
What are some good user retention methods?
How does Camtasia for Mac compre to the PC version? What parts are more user friendly?
Can you fully customize the UI of Windows like on OS X and Linux?
What screen sizes comes under the normal category? Please see the details.
Why is the Goodreads UI/UX so bad?
Which is better company, sapientNitro or Dell for UI Developer having 4 years experience?
What are some good user interfaces for data entry?
What are the things a graphic designer needs? (UI, UX and identity Designing)?
With more UI and UX design happening, why are UIs trending toward being worse?
What is it like working as a UI/UX designer for a tech company?
What tools do you use to efficiently keep in touch with customers in UI/UX and other design projects?
Does the first version of my android app need to have the best UI/UX?
How do I create user anonymous registration for a mobile app?
What are some major disruptions made through better UI?
How can I view my xml with a UI in visual studio like the config file on cordova projects?
Where do most large digital companies place their UX design departments organizationally? Is UX part of Technology? Product? Or Content? Any real life examples would be much appreciated.
What is the most rewarding experience to the user when interacting with blogs?
Who are some of the top mobile app designers (UI/UX/Visual) in India?
How do I select an object on the bottom, if I copy it three times, or many times in illustrator?
Why is Quora's onboarding process so tedious?
What embeddable photo upload tools have the best UI/UX design?
What is the best prototyping tool for UI designer?
What are some examples of great UI/UX design scheduling online (web)?
How is GoodData's user experience?
Why is there no interface defined between 2 BSCs in GSM, while in 3G, IuR interface is defined between 2 RNCs?
Can anyone suggest Ux/Ui links or online courses to learn more about Ux/Ui, also some tips to follow everyday to get better at my design thinking/skills?
What publication do ux\ui designers read most?
How do I go about designing a user configurable interface? Do I attach the lines of code for making the site configurable directly to the generated css file or to my sass variables?
What are some examples of websites made on Weebly?
Why does Quora still use this confusing/non intuitive checkbox UI element?
In UX/UI design, is it still valuable to construct user personas if you have no real means of validating the accuracy of those personas?
How much does Square's UI raise the average tip amount compared to old cash registers?
Why does my Windows 8 user interface hangs and restarts itself?
Engineers, what are the top things UX/UI designers don't know that you wished they would?
What is reddit? How to use it effectively? I couldn't understand the UI of reddit.
What is Interaction Design other than UI & UX?
How can I interface GPIO pins to interface a peripheral like external DAC without using the dedicated I2C pins?
What are the best examples of goal-setting interfaces in apps?
How do you make money as a UI developer in India?
Is there an Interface Builder tool for React-Native?
How can I transition quickly to a career as a UI designer in the US if I am currently an IT Project manager?
What are some great places to get free UI kits for app development?
In your opinion, what are the nicest designed mobile app(s)? What makes them different from the rest?
What is the best place online or in NYC for iOS User Experience training?
What would an app be like if we designed it for audio interface from the beginning?
What is the intersection of cognitive "brain" training and user interface design?
Who is doing work on Augmented Command Line Interface design?
Can you earn $10K per month as a UI designer? How?
Why apple doesn't sue Xiaomi for using similar UI in MI phones?
How can I become a ui designer in Quora?
What are some good resources to learn about cross platform design?
I am just completing my web designing course, what skill is required for User Interface job?
What are the definitions of virtual interface and a physical interface?
What tools and technologies should you learn to learn UI designing and get a job in this market?
Is using UI kits Cheating?
If Steve Jobs was still alive, would he accepted the iPhone 6 design change and iOS 7 overhaul of UI?
Does universal design impact its user?
What is a user flow and what is a user journey?
How do I make flat UI design graphic posters?
Where can I find android xml templates for ui?
Can we file a case in the court against a person/company who developed a very bad website UI and caused so much pain to the public?
What are some sites with exceptional User Experience and Why?
How do I animate ratio marker with circle (white and black) on Google map pin (Android)?
Do I need to know how to draw to become a UI/UX designer?
Do app users care more about the user interface than functionality?
How is Facebook lite so light? Are they using any js library like their own react js ? It doesn't feel like native UI.
What are the best examples of graphical user interfaces?
Is Zindigo actively working on improving its user experience?
How can I Enhance video call quality and improve user experience?
What is extra framework used in making UI/UX of android apps like lumosity, duolingo or Elevate?
Is animation UX or UI and why?
How do I build my career as an aspiring UI/UX designer?
How do you like BookMyShow's new Look And Feel?
How do I add a user interface to a program?
What tips/hacks Abinash Mohanty can share with a newbie aspiring UI Designer?
Should I show social media share numbers on a blog post or just the share icons without numbers, considering the numbers vary from 5 to max 20?
How come the usage of sound is not so prevalent in UI design?
How is Teksystems company for UI Developer profile?
What is the simplest explanation for UX/UI design?
Is it advisable to pursue master's if your area of interests are web development and UI/UX design?
What is the Rich client Platform all about and how does the Eclipse plug-in model work?
What are the best techniques and software tools to create skeuomorphic (realistic) and three-dimensional user interface design elements?
Is having an experienced UI/UX designer in the team essential to make a succesfull app?
What type of questions does Apple ask for a User Experience position?
Who often need to make the prototypes in a project, the Product Manager, the UI/UX designer or the developer?
Why isnt desktop application UI as evolved as Web Application UI?
Is there any job opening for UI developer in gurgaon?
How can I find coders in the developing world who I can pay for help with online projects?
Why is it that the more work experience and knowledge I accumulate, the less qualified for a new job I am? (Primarily a Javascript dev: front end, some design and UX/UI, limited full stack)
What are some of most inspiring UI/UX projects that you've ever seen?
Why does Google Calendar's interface not match up with the rest of Alphabet's UI?
Which are the best SF-based user interface and user experience design agencies for mobile software design and IoT (Internet of things)?
How does a UI/UX designer differ from a UX designer?
What are the useful UI/UX Tips for Designing Enticing Mobile App Icon?
What is the difference between graphic user interface and character user interface?
Is anyone familiar with the UCSD User Experience (UX) Design Certificate? Is it worth it?
What are some great examples of good user experiences connecting a new hardware device (with no screen) to the internet?
How well do UX skills go without UI design skills and more importantly how do they sell?
What do you think about Quora's desktop UI?
What do you look for when hiring a UX/UI design person or team?
I have three tables called Team, Referee and Match, now I need to be able to display these three tables as a web UI using entity framework.What should I do?
What could improve the user experience of the current Groupon website? Any thoughts on some redesign directions?
How is the Maths QnA user experience?
How many colors should be used in a web application?
What is "above the fold" landing page in UI?
What are the nicest first impressions to an app you've experienced?
How do I find a complete E-Payment Gateway solution for collection of Government payments through web interface?
What type of questions are asked for a User Experience position?
How many paid users does SoundCloud have?
Does a Javascript developer need to be good UI developer?.
Which of these has better prospects in terms of growth and remuneration: Java Developer or UI/UX Developer?
What makes Apple's UI/UX the most appealing to a majority of people?
What's the process of a User Interface Designer when going to handover & communicate (in terms of assets & files) with a Front-End Developer?
What challenges does the small screen devices (eg: iPhone and iWatch) put forward for the typography designers?
Is it possible to create a website in Virtual reality for Oculus or cardboard, with an unique immersive & interactive UI/UX?
What's the best place for a beginner to start with his graphic or visual design skills?
Is there a group for user experience designers working at nonprofits?
Which USB audio interface is good, Focusrite or Presonus ? Rather which is a best buy ?
Why did TIME remove infinite scroll from their interface?
Could designers use serif fonts for title or notification on small screen devices (eg: mobile phone, iPad mini and smartwatch) if the screen resolution are high enough?
What is best open-source Android app that I can learn to understand important UI design concepts?
Should user interface designers help writing the content they're going to illustrate?
Is it preferable to have UI designing experience in order to be a better UX designer or vice versa?
What are the challenges of designing a GUI?
Who are the leading experts in human/user centered design?
What are some overview articles about the uses of movement in 2D and 2.5D user interface design?
What data structure is used for Pinterest's UI?
What would make a good new universal icon for saving a document to a storage media on a computer?
I have been self teaching myself in UI/UX especially the research side of it for over a year and counting. Is a degree in Human interaction necessary for me to get a job?
What do you think will be the next biggest app design trends for 2016?
Which shade of Yellow works with White combination in UI development?
Which is the best institute in bengaluru for ui/ux design course?
What package and designation can a 3-5 years experienced UI Developer demand while negotiating to Accenture, TCS & Other MNCs?
How do I find some freelancing UI n UX designers in Chennai?
How many of you think that Quora's desktop site needs overhaul?
What skills do VR companies look for in a user experience designer? Does a background in VFX or motion graphics help?
What is the basic difference between UI and GUI?
Who designs the interface for the SpaceX Dragon cockpit software?
What is it like being a user experience research contractor at Google?
What are some outstanding examples of tablet apps UI?
What would be some good ways for a UX designer to engage in a conversation with folks not very familiar with user experience design?
What is the market for UI/UX training in India?
Is any Sr UI/UX Designer (6+ years of experience) from India willing to do a startup together with a small team?
How do I change my Outlook to show new interface?
I need to make a UI as that of RottenTomatoes or Zomato WebApp. What should I start with?
Is there any site that has vetted freelancers just like toptal.com but for designers?
What are instances of things that aren't User Centered Design?
What technology can be used to create User Interface and experiences for Internet Of Things?
Which voice codec should I use to interface with audrino for communicating over Zigbee?
How is this "app component" created?
Which is the best institute in hyderabad for ui/ux design course?
Are there any good solutions for managing a software demo system which comprises of many distributed micro services and UI's? It need to function like live system.
I want to build a simple website about Design so, What is the languages required for search, user interface and all these things?
Why does Windows not change its tile look? The tiles looks super boring and too formal. I just find Android or even Tizen phones better than Windows, only seeing its UI.
What are some amazing UI/UX design internship possibilities (Summer 2016) which I can apply for as a pre-final design undergraduate?
How do I prepare for a user experience design interview?
Which SDK or framework or technology to use in order to make simple yet effective android app with great UI/UX?
Is it possible to define our own marker interface? How implementing serializable interface provides the ability to serialize if serializable interface is empty?
What is a difference between a designer and a UI /UX developer as both deals with front end development?
How can I run amigo paper UI on xiaom phones?
Where can I find a Time of Day picker like the one in this picture?
I'm a self taught UX Designer in one of the most sought after design agencies. I feel the need to do my masters in interaction or User Experience to upgrade my skills. I dont mind doing it in UK, but thinking of ROI. Any suggestions?
In iOS 9, why did Apple switch the two timer buttons in the built-in Clock app?
What were some of the most interesting challenge faced during Asana's complete redesign?
How can I make party ui app?
Specifically what in the Linux GUI(s) is unpolished?
Who created the User Experience/User Interface for the Reborn Dota 2 Client?
How can we apply for a job in HIVE as a visual or UI designer?
What's the best user experience for forums/discussion boards?
How well does Kinect work as an eye tracker?
I am a mechanical engineer but want to become a UI and UX designer, where should I start?
What do you find the most irritating thing about the Quora UI?
Can Squarespace support social login? I don't mean just for comments. I mean for user/identity management - taking an "unknown" user on your site to a "known" user in a logged-in state.
What could I improve regarding the UI of http://www.howtocode.io?
Once you decided to train novice users of your web application, what instruments should you choose? Video tutorials, pop-overs, tool-tips or ultimate redesigning of User Interface?
Are there any recommendations on the quick and dirty technology solution that would allow website users to log in individually, to see their individual account information (individual user data is stored in an sql database)?
How can I learn iOS UI design?
How do I design android app UI for different devices?
How do you make an interface like this?
Do you recommend going to a UX design bootcamp or traditional college bachelor program in UX design?
Are UI developers considered as working in IT?
Why does Tesla's touch screen panel have such an ugly GUI?
Which is the best SOAP UI online training institute in Hyderabad?
Is there a book either in or out of print that offers full color screenshots of past computer (os) interfaces?
How to become a designer at Google?
How do terrible UI decision by big companies get through design reviews and into release?
How do I reset UI of android studio?
How does a UX Engineer differ from a Ux Designer?
How can I uninstall system language (default language of the user interface) on Windows 7?
What are the good books on ui design patterns for mobile apps?
Why is Amazon.com's application UI ordinary when compared to Flipkarts'?
User Experience: Does someone have a tip of a good presentation (1 or 2 slides long) what UX is and the importance of it relating to digital services and or websites?
Is there any ads exchange platform can be embed in software UI?
Mobile Computing: What is your use case for Quip?  What features could be added to make it a perfect fit?
For me functionality of Fiddler and SOAP UI is same. but have seen some examples where SOAP UI is implemented via Fiddler. Can someone please clear my understanding?
What do the R L and T attributes mean in these Apple TV typography guidelines?
Which screen resolution should I design an app UI for Android? How do you work it out since there are many different dpi screens?
IBM Interactive Experience is setting up a portfolio day in Boston. What would you want to see during a portfolio day as someone bringing work?
Why is the Medium UI so beautiful?
What are the best online marketplaces for an User Interface Designer?
Is there a calorie tracking app with a great user interface and a large food database?
Are there open source translation tables for software user interfaces?
What makes a better impression in an Android App: Navigation Drawer or Menu?
Why does Netflix present covers of all media types horizontally (in opposed to showing vertical posters for movies)? Also why do they do the opposite in Kids category (showing all in vertical posters)?
Has there been any social media/Web 2.0 site that has substantially overhauled its user interface years after it became mature?
How can I become a UI developer?
An icon on a user interface can be Metaphor, Metonymy (an associated object) or Synecdoche (part representing the whole). Where do these types fall in terms of Semiotics, i.e. Iconic, Symbolic or Indexical?
Which one is the best institute for advanced ui/ux designing in new delhi?
Should I use tab bar navigation layout in IOS application if application must have ads on the bottom of the screen?
UX/UI design: What is some good advice you can give someone who wants to enter the field?
How good should a UI developer be, in setting up projects?
What goes into whatsapp user interface design. I believe they aren't using the standard android UI elements?
How do I show an entire webshop assortment in a “change item” button for a bundle?
At what size should I design Android UI mockups?
Do you use Affinity Designer for Web/Mobile UI design / mockups instead of Sketch? Why?
When you get into the user experience profession, and you are currently studying HCI, is it really worth finishing your degree?
How would I go about outsourcing the creation of an app with a similar user interface like Tinder?
Is Windows’ ‘ribbon’ menu (originally from Office) a better UI than Mac OS’ traditional text menu?
Which websites/apps are doing the best user profiling according to you (any type of profiling: behavioural, user created profiles, etc)?
What UI components would be recommended to be used with React JS?
How can I become a UI designer without going to University.  
How can I make my website UI more attractive? From where can I see UI templates to make my website attractive and more user friendly? How can I design it?
Does an entry level user experience (UX) position exist? If so, what are companies looking for in a candidate?
What are some good (desi) consultancies for UI jobs?
In a project, i would like to represent data from database in the form of charts in my ÚI using C#. Can anyone advice me on this?
Why did Freecharge App suddenly turn to shit? Awesome UI, but 0/10 on UX. :(
What is a new design language?
Why should I choose UI/UX or Visual Design over Graphic Design?
How do I show additional details (like Name of the pic, uploader name) of a pic over the image itself in UI of a webpage?
What Masters Course(MS) should i prefer in US with interests on Frontend UI/UX development?
What are the user interfaces to browse Kafka topics?
Where are the best places for a UI designer to work?
Why is the user experience in OS X so good compared to other OSs?
I'm obsessed about making UI/UX as easy to use an intuitive as possible. What's something I must not forget? What are your pet peeves?
Why is there a UI and UX developers while there is a full stack developer?
What is the best mobile UI Automation tool for testing apps on real devices for iOS and Android & iOS?
What is the Chinese font equivalent to Proxima Nova Light or Proxima Nova Thin?
Are there any ux models beside Hassenzhal User Experience Model?
Which is the most adored font in the typographic industry and why?
What do companies look for in an entry level UI/UX/front-end design position?
How does Yahoo News Digest work? I mean the way it pushes the top 10 articles 2 times in a day, not the summarization. So, in a similar manner, how to update the data of my app, like Yahoo News Digest?
Due to an update I got the scroll menu earlier there was a swipe menu how can I get the swipe option back?
How do I find User interface development jobs?
I'm starting a UI/UX for games meet up group. Where can I find experts to run the events?
What are the best color combinations for the UI of a clothing app?
What is a UI?
What UX tools do you feel every UX Architect should use and why? (besides Axure/Visio)
What are some design changes required for my blog PJ PATAKHA?
Why is LinkedIn such a bad product?
What are some innovative web or mobile apps that teach content to a user without using videos?
Are the metaphors we use in computer interfaces, (however rendered visually) like folders, desktop etc., a form of conceptual skeuomorphism? With the UI movement away from skeuomorphism in some OSs, what would replace them?
In terms of design/marketing is it better to create something unique or something that beautifully follows the trend?
Any tips for senior UX designers about their career path in the US?
How can I improve the user experience or interface of my hardware product?
I want to send video/PDF from Java to UI. How can I do that?
What mobile UI pattern has Freecharge used in its app?
Can I become a UI/UX designer after my college with a degree in History?
As a publisher, what are the best metrics to track the ROI of your UI efforts?
What are the most valuable skills for a User Experience Designer working in Data-Visualization?
Which is the simplest and most reliable Cordova plugin for sending a notification to the user in the moment that the user presses a button?
What are the collection classes and interfaces?
What are the best UX/UI web designers who deal with responsive websites with functions like carousel, modern feel and seamless design?
How much would the user experience be affected if I were to code a Uber-like hybrid app instead of a native one?
What are examples of general UX questions?
What are the best design patterns (not UI) for Android (like MVP or MVC)?
How do large companies introduce new UI and UX concepts for review?
Why does core77 new redesign just suck?
What tools in the UI/UX process are there to keep track of iterations? Is there also a tool that correlates components of a wireframe to user stories?
Is the HFI course good for a UI designer with 10 years of experience?
Should a UI designer also know how to write code?
What is the most robust UI framework other than Bootstrap that I can use with AngularJS to develop enterprise level responsive mobile web application with complex transaction entry screens?
What are the best UI solutions so far that allow the user to move an object in the three axes on a touch screen?
Are there any Information Technology or Human-Centered Interaction Master programmes in Europe who admit Bachelor's Degrees of Design with job experience on UX/UI Design?
Why can't an interface be applied in libGDX?
I have an idea and the skills to develop the UI but lack hard coding skills. What next?
Why we declare interface methods as public while defining them in classes?
How Can Developers Design Great User Experience in Magento Mobile App?
What are the good uses of onboarding services?
What are the best resources to teach how to apply Javascript in real websites?
For a prospective user interface designer, what apps are critical in the industry and what should my learning be focused on?
What are some good resources on the internet about major UI/UX topics like "information architecture", "visual hierarchy" or "vertical rhythm"?
How do I start working on personal projects as a UI designer/developer?
I want to learn a proper procedure of UI design. What's a recommended training center in Bangalore?
When Quora is going to have a better UI?
Is there a psychological term for the phenomenon where people are emotionally blocked from seeing that a new device is better than an old one?
What is the standard monthly salary in Kerala for a lead UI designer with more than 9 years of experience?
What's the difference between UI designer and UI developers?
What are some good UI UX design studios in New Zealand?
Should I use TypeScript (now with JSX support) or plain ES2015 (via Babel) when building a new React powered UI?
I'm a UI/UX designer. How do I convince my developer friends that my job is as good as a developer?
When does a user become a active user of the website?
How do I code advance UI/UX Designs and animations in android?
Which are the top schools to study User Experience?
What is the difference between UI design and UX design?
How does the Netflix interface work?
How many UI designers actually start sketching their ideas on a tablet or iPad vs. pencil and paper or whiteboard?
How does experience design differ from user experience design?
User Interface Design: Why is Microsoft so uncreative with the Windows UI design?
What is the UI framework and language used for the Waze mobile app? Is it native?
Which should be chosen: UI/web development in the USA or web development in India?
In which ways does culture influence the design of user interface?
What should I do to get an UI/UX internship?
Which design school should one approach for fresh UI / UX talent in India?
What are the best-in-class frameworks/tools/templates to use for a B2B portal that enable quick loading and provide the best user experience?
How do I design a good UI for my android application? Any tutorial available for material desgin UI.
What are the ways to design a great UI for an Android application? Is it possible to do it using Android Studio or are there other tools to do that?
What is the best book that I should get to get me started on being a UX/UI designer?
What are valuable IT/Computing skills that I can offer businesses and make a fortune from?
Who provides Best SAP UI5 & FIORI Online training in India?
What makes a great UIKit and why?
When should I use an interface inside another interface in Java?
In which programming language is Adobe Illustrator built in and what they use for graphics in that language?
How do I improve my Android design skills?
For developing a new single page application do we need to write Left Navigation & Top Navigation UI from scratch or are there any reliable reusable UI components available for these?
Where do pro web designers get their raw materials from? (stuff like images, fonts, UI components, CSS/Javascript themes and frameworks, etc.)
I have experience in Javascript and HTML5 as a UI developer. How can I join housing.com?
What are some apps designed with 3D touch?
What is it like working at the IBMiX (interactive experience) as a user experience designer?
Why is FreeCodeCamp.com aesthetically challenged?
What information do you want to have on your dashboard window regarding a "hard" non-Internet focused project?
How will virtual reality change protein folding?
What are some account-based websites with a great user interface?
Is there any online Android code website having repository where u can drag n drop different Android libraries n UI templates n combine them to make your own Android app, all done online?
Why is the UI of computer interfaces on TV so much more advanced than computers in real life?
How can we make a user interface for ATM in visual studio(OR) visual basic? What I exactly need is the code of that interface and also the complete explanation of the code?
Which web technologies are used to build websites like zomato.com, oyorooms.com and housing.com?
Why does Google Chrome ask users to allow full screen mode after a video is already full screen?
I want to make an application for Redhat what shoud I do.? Want to make it on UI base like vb applications for windows. So shoud I go for glade or zenity? Or is there any other option.?
What are the common assumption and estimation mistakes Managers do while hiring UX?
What concerns you ought to have in a website for a better UI experience viewed by Retina displays?
What is the best User Experience websites / online products in last 2 years and why?
What would happen if the action flow button changed position for both left-handed and right-handed people?
Is Wordpress Multisite a good solution to separate sections on a high traffic domain for faster loading/better user experience?
How do I get a job at a startup seeing I'm not from the U.S.?
What do you mean by bus interface?
Which famous websites have bad User Interface design? Why do you think so?
Should phones have a feature that disables portrait mode in video by default?
Why is there such a prominent (UI/UX) design community on Twitter of all social networks?
How can make the Easy UI window open more than once?
In Silicon Valley, is a good UI constantly being mistaken for a good UX?
Product Management: What's the workflow between a PM & UI/uX?
What is the best website to study about uiux?
What are the flaws in web user experience of Flipkart and Snapdeal?
What is the subscribe link followed by the 'Follow' button in Quora's user profile?
Why did Google Chrome revert it new Bookmark manager design/UI?
Can I write a bot that uses user-interface on websites to do stuff I normally do manually?
For Indian engineers, which are the companies that offer UI (user interface) jobs during campus placements?
What is the desktop linux distribution with the best user experience?
Why did Coursera sacrifice freedom of learning to promote Specialization?
In Apple Music iOS, how does the color sampling algorithm work on artist pages?
In a start up company like practo. how much salary one should demand as front end developer, who has 1 year experience? Have good knowledge on HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JS, jquery (basic level).
How do I make a GUI for this project?
When will Quip support a horizontal rule UI element?
I am starting an Android app. I am not sure how to start. Do I have to create different PSD files for various screen resolutions? If possible, could I have a good reference to follow?
When did #medium remove the "recommend" button and replace it with "heart"?
What are the best practices of user interface (UI) and database integration?
Why aren't the methods and properties of implemented interfaces in scope by default in F#?
Do you think a simple landing page with no scroll down might have a high conversion rate than story telling and the like?
What is a good UI kit to try out with this user interface?
Why is the UI for credit card keypads so bad that I'm forced to press sometimes "cancel" or sometimes "enter" when I want to use credit?
Is it a good approach to develop a user's interface first and then go for back-end development?
What is the difference between a fringe user and a non-fringe user?
Is it a good idea to use the Metro-style interface for an educational web app?
How advertising on mobile apps can be without hampering the user experience?
What are the best institutes in Pune that provide UX/UI design training?
What is primary concern in UI design of Mobile applications?
I am an engineering student. Is it possible for me to have career as a UX designer?
Why do some companies launch their own UI?
What are similar products as Keynotopia, in terms of building and validation time?
How do I sell UX in a keynote speech?
I have created a UI for Android in 720X1280. How do I submit my UI to developers?
Which websites have UI/UX similar to Google Newsstand app?
Are there any current or announced VR headsets or other user interface devices that allow multiple users to engage jointly and simultaneously?
What are some old PC games that can still compete with the games available now?
Is the gaming YouTube UI retarded?
What are some of the best user friendly CG software?
What classes should I take in high school for a career in UI/UX design?
I am a UI designer about to start a project designing a mobile app for both iOS and Android where the developers will be using Xamarin to build both apps. What design considerations should I keep in mind?
What is the best user experience you have ever had?
Is it harmful to change the UI of a site frequently in an SEO perspective?
Why doesn't Amazon India improve its user interface like its counterpart Flipkart?
What technical skills are necessary for a future startup founder?
Besides material design, what other design frameworks are there for user interfaces?
What is a reasonable hourly rate for an entry level  UI designer?
Why is everything too big on the screen when I get on the internet? How do I fix that?
Is it possible to combine both Leap Motion and Myo to create a good user experience on a virtual reality project?
How can I give UI/UX feedback to Facebook developers regarding their platform?
How can I know what's holding me back from a designer/coding job (product design, IU/UX)?
By using Google Analytics (product), I've noticed that a higher percentage of more than 50% use Mac (vs. Windows). Is there anything I can do to make a visit to my website a more enjoyable experience?
What percentage of resources (both time and money) are allotted to UX, UI, graphic design, front and back end development, database systems and security when implementing a project?
I want to make my own custom ROM for Android (based on Android Lollipop). Right now, I just have a little knowledge about UI and Android. From where can I start and get the complete procedure to start with?
What is the purpose of the HCI course? What does it teach?
How do we handle multiple modals in software?
How do I restrict the users to download from the application program?
What are some examples of the fist icons?
Where can I get the latest UI layout information used by WhatsApp or any other popular app, so I can update myself and implement it in my new Android apps?
What are the best books and resources focused on the design of voice user interfaces?
How did Reddit succeed with a UI that was considered sub-par?
Can I know about a user via his account number?
How do I become a professional UI developer?
How would I design a responsive instant messaging user interface?
Could a UI design job that also involves print design be a good fit for a UI designer and former software developer whose background is only in digital?
Does Sketch have any plugin like the Photoshop perspective mockups?
Everything is shifting online. How is the user experience changing?
What is User Interface (UI) design?
What is a design critique for a mobile app to hang out with friends?
Why do we use an interface?
What types of UX portfolio projects are most attractive to employers?
How could I improve user retention in a Q&A website?
How do I provide different UI for each client for single web applications?
Where do you find the very best UI/UX designers?
What is a 2 user or a 4 user antivirus? What is there to do with the number of users?
What are recommended tutorials on creating UI in code in objective-C?
What is the best user feedback community forum for a free consumer site with a fast growing user base?
What are the best methods to improve the user experience of Creative Website Design Agency Enfield?
Is there a correct name for graphic UI elements on the web?
Computer Programming: Is it possible in iOS 8 to use Swipe to go back on "TableviewController" in Swift ?
What's better: jquery templates vs knockout.js?
What are all the things/concepts/languages that an expert UI developer must know?
As a second year engineering student, should I focus on competitive programming or developing Java coding and UI?
What are some opinions about the new design of Snapdeal which released in July 2015?
Who invented modal windows?
I want to develop a drag and drop UI designer. Where do I start?
How do I achieve following UI in Android?
Is it true that in EU countries, it is illegal for web shops to ask for information at the checkout that they do not need in order to deliver a product?
How rare are people who are good at both coding and design?
What should be the message description to ask for user information from Facebook for other apps?
What spacing increment do you (designers) use when designing?
What is the best tool for users to provide feedback on specific aspects of your website?
Why Amazon, TripAdvisor and others big companies doesn't improve their design quality?
How many years of experience are required to be a senior level UX designer?
Why should we care about the user experience of our product?
Any good examples of bootstrap websites that have standard, non-responisve banner ads?
Why do the flat design colors come in pairs, a lighter and a darker shade?
What are top 10 UI / UX trends that every designer should be familiar with?
Is it worth it to study Interaction Design as a college major?
What should I do and how should I prepare for a front-end UI architect role interview (Bay Area, USA)?
What's the best way to track click events on personal sites, such as blogging or creating a gift registry? Does it violate a privacy policy?
What is the basic principal of UI and UX in an app for the point of sale / mPOS?
How do online shopping sites such as Amazon, Flipkart, and Snapdeal automate web UI testing?
Which sound interface is good?
I am a fresher and I am interested in UI development. Which are all the technologies that I need to know?
What are the best user testing tools?
What things are customisable in Linux?
When will Quora update its graphic user interface?
Which language should I learn for designing a UI, Java Swing or OpenGL (C++)?
What jobs can I get when I know front-end technologies?
Why is the Quora web interface so poor?
What are your favorite UX designs for "steps" on long forms (maybe even forms with hierarchical steps)?
What are some opinions of Quora's new Ask to Answer feature?
What are some design paradigms, procedures and APIs used to build into software to do UX/UI testing with the goal of maximizing and fulfilling the requirements of the software?
Which prototyping tool do you prefer: Flinto, Marvel, Atomic, Invision, Framer or Quartz Composer? Why?
What's the best way to hire graphic designers for big projects?
Are the majority of top level UI designers on dribbble?
How do I make a designer understand the Android programmer's view point and performance issues like overdraw, etc.?
Will popular sites like Yahoo, Amazon, Quora, etc. switch to a 3D interface in the future, or will most sites remain as they are today even when 3D is out?
A Photoshop text layer name is too long. How can I open the layer styles in the dialog box?
What will be the perfect time to go and pitch/approach my customers to buy my product?
What are the pros and cons of using Google Material Design in the web application of UI?
Why do we do modal analysis in FEA?
I was approached by the CTO and CEO of a failed startup to help come up with a new app concept. We developed a great business plan. I am a UX/UI designer being only offered an ESOPs option and no equity. Am I being ripped off?
How many users of Blackberry 10 prefer the older user interface?
Why doesn't Android make a simple UI just like Apple?
What is a really well crafted UX document to check how they should be crafted?
What design tools are best for indie game developers to design great UI and animation in 2D as well as in 3D?
What is the best phone under 10k for a person who likes flashing phone and loves customizability like cyanogen or nearly that on stock UI?
What coding languages should a programmer be proficient with in order to create a site which connects people via area and enables direct user to user communication?
Why do we do modal analysis in FEW?
What UI/UX change can be done to promote HTTPS?
How did Palmer Luckey meet Scaleform?
How much business domain knowledge or product domain knowledge are needed for an UX/UI/graphics designer to create a new product prototype?
Have anyone used Amazon Aurora? According to user experience, is it efficient and faster than normal RDS? Is it available for SQL?
What are the roles to be taken by an UX designers? What are the responsibility to be handled by UX designer.
How do I learn to interface?
Who designed the most recent transparent Youtube player UI as of August 2015?
Which Ecommerece website has the best UI? Amazon Snapdeal, Flipkart, Paytm, Ebay. Does the UI of a website influence your buying decision or is it all dependent on price and service provided by the company?
Why won't eBay upgrade their user experience to use modern UI concepts and technologies?
I have a website which has a feedback form at the bottom. I get a good amount of users everyday but very few of them fill the feedback form. I want more feedback so I can improve my website. How can I do that?
Should I major in Architecture (as in building buildings) to pursue a UX career? Or switch ASAP?
Is JSF still a good choice for a new project? What are the best alternatives to create well equipped controls but with a modern look?
How do I switch from being a UI developer in Cognizant to being a data scientist? Where should I begin and how?
I am a teacher at a graphic design institute. Next month's assigment for students will be building a website and comprehend basics of UX/UI. What is the best way to teach about websites including UX/UI to graphic design students?
For learning UX/UI, what are some good open source projects to get involved in?
How much does an entry level UI/UX designer earn in startups like Practo, Swiggy, TinyOwl, etc.?
What are some alternatives to a hamburger menu for an iOS app?
Is it a bad practice to have UI automation testing running on trunk?
Why does the US think that the US's veto-power is the international high standard for the World Bank?
What can you suggest for me to improve my web UX/UI?
What is D-sub?
What is the most popular prototyping tool in your country?
How do you design a great UI?
Why has the Windows ODBC dialog's UI not been updated in all these years?
What is your say on Quora's new update of the Ask to Answer feature available without credits?
I want to build a web application. Should I use React or Polymer if I want to build a great and maintainable user interface?
What is some everyday software that needs a complete redesign?
I don't have the talent of a UX designer but I would like to have it. Could a back/front-end developer become a great UX designer? How can one acquire this UX talent?
What UI elements do you wish existed in XCode to help your development?
Do you think that Quora is poorly designed and takes too much time for loading and processing even minor tasks?
Who designs the GoPro and its software? Is it an internal team?
What's your modern UI design life cycle?
Does YouTube still develop its UI for its website?
How can we monitor messages in Apache storm UI? What is the purpose of the storm UI either?
Have you used Riot.js, A React-like user interface micro-library for any production ready work?
How much can a UX/UI professional with 7 years of experience ask if working on a full-time remote position for a US based agency?
How do they make UI/UX?
How can I hire a hyper local freelance UI/UX designer in Bangalore?
What are some of the best blogs or Twitter users to follow?
How can program that allows you to efficiently roll-up on total sales by quarter and by year and drill down on total sales by month and by day be implemented? How can this be done with a user interface?
When a new user visits a web shop and interacts with a couple of items how do I get personalized recommendations for the user in real-time?
Is it good idea to host server code along with UI code and Redis cache?
What are cell computer interfaces?
Can emojis be useful for a good UI/UX when designing for illiterate users?
Which SaaS companies have done some major UX/UI changes recently resulting in significant KPI improvements?
Is it possible to have a web interface which would transmit BLE commands locally?
What are some good (free) resources to learn UI/UX Design? Mainly Web Design related, but if you have some app related it's also welcomed.
What is the salary of a UI/UX designer with 2-5 years of experience in India?
What are some sites that do search functionalities well?
Where I should look for remote UI design positions?
What are the best UX/UI tricks to make your iOS application's appearance outstanding?
How do I begin designing a user interface?
How much does a good UI/UX designer charge in India for a full time position? When I approached a designer, he said it would be 2 lakh rupees per month. Is it right?
How do you judge a UX designer with only 5 questions?
How do you go about making a significant change to your existing product's entire User Experience/Flow?
How many steps in a flow are too few before a 'steps left' UI pattern isn't necessary?
How do I review an app UI/UX?
Who first paired the acronyms for user experience and user interface as "UX/UI"? Was it just a shortcut or did they hope to achieve a meaningful distinction by it?
What UI design will be adopted in the future by big mobile OS companies?
What is the purpose of a GUI and what elements does a user see in a GUI?
Why is Interface important?
In the world of Node.js (npm), what is the best tool to write automated UI tests for web applications?
What is the best tool to write automated UI tests for web applications in ruby? Is it Watir WebDriver or is there something better?
How do I handle UI based navigation in cross-platform apps?
I suck at user interface design but I am pretty comfortable at back end development for mobile applications. Am I doomed as a mobile developer?
What are some CRM or help center software which offer a mobile user interface which resembles SMS text?
What are some well-documented human interface guidelines like Material Design?
What technology allows a User A to initiate a phone call to User B at the push of a button on the web: push/click the button on the web and User A's phone rings and so the does User B's phone?
I am a 40-year-old professional 3D character animator. Can I get into UI designing?
What do UX (user experience) professionals dislike about their job?
Who's behind the UI for Prezi?
While designing mock-ups and wire-frames, how do I decide which button to put where and give the best user experience?
Does the guideline of material design limit the UI design on Android?
In Counter-Strike, is there a difference in the way a gamer sees through the scope and a soldier in battle sees it? What role does the interface play in both cases?
Is there any free web application or software that calculates and shows graphical UI for an estimated time vs an actual time for tasks?
How do I create a plugin with an UI in Outlook to import/export contacts to a 3rd party service?
What is the technical explanation behind this video that compares the UI scroll speeds of Messenger and Hangouts on Android?
What are some interesting UX case studies?
Is Quora's new policy of collapsing answers immediately permanent?
Why is Quora devoting resources to UI bells & whistles when the UX pain point is search?
Why does the use of 2 threads, custom thread and UI thread in windows forms cause TargetInvocationException  on the creation of a messagebox C#?
Which classified ad websites have the best UX/UI?
How widespread is Ximalaya in China? How do people interact with the platform?
How do you add the user ID of a logged in user as a hidden field inside a form?
How long should it take to make mobile app mockups for an an entry-level designer?
I am a usability engineer looking to expand into User Experience design. What psychology concentration(s) would be most beneficial to study?
What is the difference between a front-end developer and a user interface developer?
Which WWDC presentation presented a Waffle app as an example of UI?
What is the difference between a UI designer, UI developer and a UI/UX developer?
What's a good interface monitoring solution that is easy to setup? (without IT involvement)
How much information should I give on social media about the U/I (user/interface) of the app that I am going to launch?
How does the software engineer design the user interface for the software, like the OS?
Are the user experience and call to action on this site okay: Quebolu.com?
How would you design a user interface for comparing 2-3 items on smaller screens like mobile devices?
Why do various Linux distributions not create rich user interface versions for home users like Windows and Mac do?
How do I convert a flow chart or decision tree into a program or set of webpages that present the choices to the user in several steps and then take some specified action (on-screen message or email)?
Why don't Quora create a debating function where if a user disagrees with another, instead of going into a huge comment fight, can simply agree to enter the debating UI and have a good debate there, and perhaps, agree to disagree?
How is the NNG certification treated in the UX industry? Would it help someone new to the field of UX to at least get up in front of an interviewer or a freelance client?
What are some web apps with a good tree structure?
How do I study UI development (JavaScript, HTML, AngularJS and Bootstrap) with practical projects?
I am new in the user interface industry. I want to do freelance projects and I am ready to do it for free to acquire some experience. Where can I find these kinds of projects?
How would you design the UI for mobile apps which are built for huge data or information capture?
Are there any part-time user interface (UI) design courses in Singapore?
What will be a good certification for user interface developers?
What framework/UI does Slack use for its website?
Who are the leading firms in Lahore Pakistan, who are willing to work with entrepreneurs and specialize in iOS, ASO, UX/UI and social media app development?
Which is best for learning UX/UI design: Lynda, Codecademy, Treehouse, or another competitor?
How do I design this kind of animated prototype for a website or an app? What are any tools?
What are some beautiful colour palettes that can be used in a mobile application being made for professionals?
I am working as a UI/UX designer in small soft firm and as an engineering graduate. Do I need to make a career change? Is this a stable profession?
Is it considered a good practice to create prototype mockups of already built apps and display it in a portfolio?
How is the overall Quora user experience in 2015, compared to 2010?
Are there any design infringements in Google Inbox and Dropbox Mailbox having a very similar UI/UX?
What are some examples of language selectors on mobile device websites?
Why is Android UI more complex than an iOS UI?
What are the best questions to ask when defining a user's need/problem?
Is it legal to emulate a user interface layout?
Quora needs a UX designer! Where is the log out button?
Do I have to localize the UI of a social gaming mobile app into Hindi to make it successful in India?
How and where can I find the best web and UI/UX designer in Chandigarh?
Why is Facebook Messenger's colour scheme different from that of the Facebook experience?
What would Suvonil Chatterjee advise an aspiring UX/UI designer?
When you design a user interface in Sketch or Photoshop, can you export it to Xcode?
How many early stage startups need UI / UX to launch an Alpha MVP?
Does Polyvore own a user interface patent on its set look?
What are good courses, tutorials and resources to design/create web or mobile UI kits?
What are some good OKR's for a product designer?
What are some UX/UI principles that improve the way an app looks immediately in mobile design?
Is the multi-user facility built-in in all Linux OSs? I am the only user in my notebook-PC. What are multi-seat and thin-client types of multi-users systems?
What should a designer portfolio consist of when applying for an HCI course in US universities?
What are some more things that can make Quora application/interface better?
What websites/apps make the best use of sounds to enhance the user experience?
A few days ago I signed up on LinkedIn. How do I make an impressive UI developer resume to atrract recruiters?
What are the steps and tools needed to build a Windows mobile app by using Java?
Which type of system is more user friendly among all systems from batch to handheld?
Which is better for a UX designer, being a specialist or a generalist?
I am a UI/UX designer, but my company wants me to create video tutorials, take customer demos and webinars regularly. That's not my role/part of my job. What should I do?
Is it possible to become a UX designer and motion designer?
Which are the top 5 online forums when it comes to UI/UX and design?
Can a mobile app remotely update its UI without an official update?
I have currently been working as a UI / UX designer for almost 2 year now. I attended 2 interviews and I got into two firms. One is MNC (UST Global) and the other is a 4-year-old company. Which should I select since I heard the MNC are still following old design patterns and is of less importance for design?
How could you distribute your UI/UX development tool in Malaysia?
How can I encourage my wiki visitors to edit pages and contribute content?
Who are the greatest UI designers around the world?
I'm not too familiar with Appery and I noticed that the screen to work on is too small. Can one design a UI in Photoshop or Sketch and use it in Appery.io?
Are there any really good resources for UI performance analysis, profiling and optimization?
What are some effective ways for UX and visual designers to collaborate on projects?
Can I get a UX job with one year of experience as a web developer?
Why does Quora use Yahoo! User Interface?
Is it viable to make my software UI resemble a web UI?
Is the new Google Photos UI poorly designed?
Why does Facebook show that the status is edited or not? What purpose does it serve?
What is the optimum number of products per page in an e-commerce website for a good user experience?
I would like to add text explaining my app's screen shots. What's the best free resource to do this?
Who has used LEGO to brainstorm UX design strategies?
Which company is better, Yatra or SunGard, for a UI developer?
What are some short term UX-UI design courses in Delhi?
How do I create a grid view with a horizontal scroll?
When most of the web has the same UI or template (more or less), how can we make it less boring regardless its content?
Why is the Amazon India app user interface so ugly and nonfunctional when compared to Flipkart?
What basic concepts about user interface design would be good introductory study points?
While building admin interface does it worth it to add/remove/customize Django admin page instead of writing own views?
I want to go for business development. How and where can I start?
Why is modern UI design becoming so cartoony?
How can I add a web interface to my tablet app so users can interface over wifi from their smartphones?
What is the resource apart from the official Android developers page to learn everything about making an app with material design, step by step tutorial to make a flat UI app?
What is the difference between UX and UI designer and web designer?
If anyone have idea on How to make UI using Metal API on OS X (Yosemite)? Your comments will always be appreciated.
Why doesn't Eventbrite use proper English when describing time left on the checkout page?
Which mobile application has the most cool UI?
Is there such a thing as a UI/UX QA?
What features should we add to React-UI-Builder or what should we improve in its existing form?
Why is the UI of Wikipedia so simple?
What languages should be taken in consideration to create the GUI of a simple operating system? What steps should be taken to achieve it?
Which are the top 10 UI/UX design firms in the world?
What are the optimum colors to use in enterprise class applications where the content is heavy: business colors or vibrant colors?
Can I become a UX/UI designer after my undergraduate in CS?
How do I explain to my relatives and friends (quickly) that I am studying 'user experience design' when they ask me what I do?
What are some suggestions for creating my own rich UI/user-friendly website?
Why has there been a transition to minimalist art in user interfaces over recent years?
What are some arguments for the on-boarding of new users using on-page guidance vs. video tutorials?
What are the essential tools for UI designing and animation on Windows?
Is Google's material design or Apple's human interface design better for the eyes?
Are the UI in the iPhone apps of Flipkart dynamic or static?
What are the top 5 or so programs for UX/UI designers to learn?
Which to do Android list application is the best to use?
Why does the Bloomberg user experience remain so abysmal when there are decent alternatives?
What are some books about creating amazing websites for UI developers?
Who designed Pebble's Smartwatch UX/UI (colours, icons, and general pixelated design)?
Do I have to localize the UI of a social gaming mobile app into Tagalog to make it successful in the Philippines?
What would you expect from a UI of a search engine?
How can I improve my browser based game user interface?
How does Hootsuite extract Facebook users' profile feeds to their UI?
Is there ample of opportunities for UI developers to get onsite?
When will the web no longer have pages?
Are there any standard guidelines for creating graphs/charts (in my case I need it for analytics)?
Why doesn't Amazon.com prefer to change the user interface of their website?
Do you think a HCI / UI / UX degree is essential when it comes to doing UI/UX design, or is it something that is easily picked up?
Which library is the best for WPF modern design; Modern UI, MahApps or Elysium?
Why does the Evernote UI design keep getting uglier with each new version?
Which UI tool or framework is the best for an iOS mobile application development?
Which is easier on the eyes: Android material design or ios 7+ design?
For UX/UI designers, how important is it to get the most updated Adobe Creative Cloud vs. the 2005 version?
What do you think about this landing page: http://www.huntsoft.com?
What domain does UI designing fall into?
How does Spotify test the JavaScript UI?
Why did Quora change this?
What are the best examples of software UI built by QT?
Should I proceed with building UIs, learning React and JS or learn DS, Algos?
What are some good links for RequireJS & Kendo UI?
What are some resources comparable to GoodUI?
What are some frameworks/language/tools used for a great UI design of a website?
Is Quora's new "Most Wanted" label placed in the wrong position?
Which companies showcase the most beautiful and user friendly pricing charts on their website?
Why is it that every graphic or UI/UX designer works on iPhone primarily? Is there any reason apart from screen display and major crowd source?
How can I achieve this to create a UI with AngularJS $stateProvider? (read description)
What are the career goals of UI designers?
What are the best web UI and UX resources for building an online learning or a web-based instruction?
Can the 12th Fail UI/Web designer get a good job in Bangalore?
Why does Quora change its UI and is there any extra feature added in between?
Why doesn't the Google+ UI keep a floating search bar on top of the app while the user scrolls down?
Do Pune front-end engineers need a workshop on webf.zone?
Which are the best laptops that provide good speed and performance when I want to create animations and work on UI/UX?
What are the best websites for Email Newsletter Design Inspiration?
How do I start making high equality GUIs like the ones CCleaner currently has?
Why do companies and governments continue to allow computer software which threatens to erase user data if the user does not obey commands, effectively blackmailing the user?
What do you think about Quora's UI design changes? (June 2015)
Which are the best optimized UI (company stock) in Android OSes?
Which ones are good web/mobile UX/UI design and web/mobile game development workshops for complete beginners?
What are your favorite non-digital tools and products for activities related to UX and UI design?
What are good examples of user interfaces that help a user evaluate trade-offs?
I am located in Salt Lake City, Utah. Where can I find a good institution for UI/UX designing here (short term course)?
What does wearable user interface mean?
Why do many billion dollars companies seem to fail to develop just a reasonably bug free of simple application? Or a reasonably slightly better user interface?
What are the leading (boutique style) studios in São Paulo, Brazil, specializing in web and mobile design and development?
What are all the materials one should study to be a good UI/UX designer?
How can one be a great user interface designer if they are not good at coding?
Should a designer manage the UX/design team? Why or why not?
As a UI/UX person, do you prefer a Mac laptop or PC? Why?
How is a UI design done in sites like Flipkart, Amazon, etc. where the content in the home page keeps changing constantly?
What are the good UI designs for an e-commerce web platform?
How do I call a back end service in Java from the point of view of a developer for elastic searching?
Out of 10 front-end developers, how many are also highly skilled UX/UI designers?
As of 2015, what are some websites with cutting edge UI features?
Why can't DJI track flight data from the app and use it to improve the user experience?
Why are TCS next step and campus commune websites so inefficient? Why don't they make it user friendly?
Which startup should I join as a UI designer, Crowdfire or housing.com?
Which master's should I study if I studied computer science, but I have an interest in UX/UI web design, graphics design, AI and a little bit of research writing?
What are some of the most beautiful websites dedicated to any particular city?
What do graphic designers typically charge for web applications?
Is it good to create a dashboard for an app rather than picking ready templates?
What is the need of 'Comparator' and 'Comparable' interfaces in Java?
What is the average salary of a UI designer in Bangalore?
What's the standard for a good software in your eyes?
What are the best UX/UI companies in Pune?
Where can I learn UI/UX in Hyderabad?
How do I create UI's like these? Is it created by using Photoshop?
Why does UI development take time?
People with architecture background who switched to do the UX, why did you do it? Can you share your experience after switching?
Why is Amazon.in's UI so old fashioned and not providing a lazy loading feature?
What are some good example codebases that integrate Backbone applications with React views?
What is your opinion about the unification of interfaces for multiple devices? Would it be a bad or good experience for end users?
What are some good social media profile design ideas for an e-commerce website?
What is a 'storyboard-driven' interface?
How do people feel about the new interface of Quora?
Which is the best site to learn Struts Tiles framework?
Why is my program slowing down?
Is it a good UX or a bad one to have Google Maps as the index page?
I want to have an UI similar to AutoCad, in the browser. What are the best technologies for this job?
What are some example of poorly designed websites?
Why are there no jobs for a UX designer in Kolkata?
How does Apptimize work?
What are the best Photoshop settings for UI Design, especially to design app pages with text having small font sizes?
How do I begin designing the UI of an Android app?
What is the role of a UI developer/designer?
Is there something like AppMakr or Coso to make an app like Yik Yak/Snapchat, etc. (allows alot of user interaction)?
What does the accelerating advancements in AI mean for the UX field? How will things change in 30 years?
Should we limit/restrict/require_explanation_for "what is the best ________?" questions from Quora?
Computer Programming: The source code of an app is written. What is next?
What do people think about Quora's user interface?
How does one create the UI for an app?
What are the essential Photoshop/Illustrator (or other similar software) skills a UI designer needs?
How difficult is it to update a Bootstrap3 web app user interface with a new Bootstrap3 template?
How do I document the UI/UX code of a software?
Why do most websites have their logo in the top left corner?
How do I do validation notification for each input field as I did in the Facebook UI signup?
What are some good tools to quickly make a standalone interactive UI mockup for an app / website?
How will you finish a UI developer interview within 15 minutes and judge his abilities?
What do you think about the new design of Stack Overflow (July 2015)?
How do I create color strategies?
How can I populate a field containing drop down list box with the values of that field present in database dynamically?
User Interfaces: What kind of website design do girls like the most?
How do I make a UI in Windows apps?
Where does user flow diagrams fit in into the UX/UI designer sages of development?
How do you remove the side margins in Bootstrap3?
How can I make my Drupal website in such a way that every user can edit content?
What if the homepage of Yahoo! was more clean?
Mobile Applications: Is it hard to support video and text-typing chatting at the same time on smartphone devices?
Do we have any online free tool to create prototypes?
How do I provide multi-language support in my JSF-PrimeFaces interfaces?
How do I build rich iOS user interfaces with animations, and beautiful (transparent) UI?
How much does the UI differ in iOS 7 from iOS 8?
What is the difference in developing interfaces for young users (15-25) and adult users (25+)?
Why does Novation use Focusrite audio interfaces when they have their own one being Audiohub 2x4?
What are some great UX storyboard tools?
What are some good design examples of a pie menu in user interfaces?
Why does IT companies don't hire freshers as UI/UX design level.?
Is there any creative UI/UX designer who can share inputs & help me for my mobile app startup?
How does Quora's new notification system work?
What is shortest answer for "What is the difference between UI and UX design" in an interview?
What is the best site to learn and read about UI & UX design?
Is there some issue with the Quora UI?
How can I merge an HTML created by a UI designer to my ASP.NET application?
Does my preliminary website design look reputable?
Which startup should I choose to join as ui/ux deisgner between relience jio, housing.com,zomato?
What are some good books about UI & UX?
Is a different and better UI good enough reason for you to launch a similar product?
When the iPhone is locked, why has Apple chosen to leave the right screen empty? Why not add another useful feature?
What are the pros and cons of the Naruto user experience?
Which is the best color for a Flat UI application other than blue?
Can someone offer an idea on how to make this virtual flower UI more mobile friendly?
What are some examples where a UI/UX redesign of a product (software, website, etc.) helped the company rise in profit?
What language should I use to communicate with micro-controllers in order to build a user interface for the application?
What are some differences in the user experience with Microsoft Office (Word, PPT, Excel mainly) in Android tablets (downloading apps) vs Windows tablets (in built)?
How do I create an animation UI like the Trend Micro Antivirus one?
Which is the best user experience design company in India?
Which app has the best checkout UI/UX for iOS or Android?
What color combinations should be used for a UI design in a wedding social app to give an emotional plus-rich look & feel?
When do you say that a given website or mobile-app has bad UX?
What is the first step in the transition from a UX designer to a UX researcher?
I am developing my first app on iOS and I want a free graphic design tool for UI and the icon. What are your suggestions?
What are some of your favorite (UX/UI) design websites to keep yourself up-to-date with current trends?
Who designed the new user interface for MailChimp?
Why is Atlassian so popular yet has incredibly bad UI and design?
Which is a better job: UI developer or a PHP developer?
How did Quora design the mobile app UI?
When and why are interfaces used in Java?
How do I create a cool user interface for an Excel file?
What is the term used to describe the design of these websites: kano.me and squarespace.com?
If documentation is so important to the user experience, how come it seems to have so little impact on buyer behaviour?
Why is taking a screenshot on iOS 5 so hard?
How do I make an interactive UI in Android?
What can be done to make torrenting a more user friendly experience?
Why did Apple's UI designers place window buttons on the top left and how does this increase usablitiy?
What's stopping Craigslist from improving their UI and UX just a little bit?
Do folder systems work in shared environments with files that have shared ownership?
Which websites are best for multiple translations?
Is it possible to change the interface of Windows 7, when booting up so I can only can see a "search bar" to launch programs?
What is the difference between the role of an UI/UX designer and Software artisan?
How does Quora's ethnic/racial demographics influence user experience?
What are some some resources with which I can buy icons?
What all internet technologies/languages are used to design/program an interactive functionality & UI site like Glassdoor, Amazon, etc.?
When is an Android app considered rigid and good?
How do I mark a point in a given picture using HTML?
What are the applications of clickstream analysis to user interface design?
What are some promising technology companies in Indonesia to join as a senior UX/UI designer?
What ATS provides the best user experience?
Which software would be the best for UI\UX Design?
What are typical deliverables for a user experience consultant?
What are the best practices on how to handle 3rd party malicious login attempts i.e., rapid subsequent logins, account blockage, verification?
What UI/UX background do you need to create an iPhone jailbreak theme?
Why doesn't AngelList's UI/UX introduction feature let its users respond to messages from interested companies?
What are the best UI/UX designs for a mobile application?
What is the best user interface for selecting a dress size in an online shopping app for iPhone?
What steps should I follow for good UX?
What are the top 3 skills/characteristics that I should learn/acquire in order to become a successful junior UI/UX designer?
Is there a way to turn static PSDs into interactive ones without using code to perform user testing?
Where can I find Bootstrap UI components/widgets?
How can the user interface (UI) support transmedia storytelling on a crowdfunding platform?
Is there any max height (percentage or pixels) of an in-app message based on device?
What tool do I have to use on Microsoft Surface to mock the web UI design?
Does the LG G4 support alternate UI themes like the S6 currently does?
Are you keeping up with Quora's rapidly evolving user interface changes?
What is the size of the header background image in the Android navigation drawer?
What is the purpose of a Nullable interface? What does a Java compiler do when it gets a class implementing a Nullable interface?
Is UI designing a good career? What are their requirements and what's the pay compared to software engineers?
What are the best methods to learn UX/UI like Mike Matas, Kyle Meyer & Mac Tyler?
How do you react to people saying UI/UX has only little purpose, variety and no high demands?
What is the best PostgreSQL GUI client for managing over SSH and has MEMO field support(edit JSON/HSTORE) and good interface?
Why has Quora's recent UI change significantly deemphasized upvotes?
What's your user experience like with the Foton Tunland double cabin, especially its maintenance costs?
I am a technical writer by profession. I prefer online UI design/usability courses that I can take up at my pace. As a beginner can I go in with interaction design offered on Coursera?
Which features do you think there should be in the m-Indicator app to facilitate travel via public transport?
User Interface Design: When is it appropriate to use art boards in a UI design (Photoshop, Illustrator or Sketch)?
How important is graphic design in obtaining initial traction and seed funding?
What UI/UX/features issues do you find in LinkedIn?
If we decide to take a shot every time someone on Quora bundles together UI and UX as the same thing, how fast will we pass out?
When is the last time Marc Benioff has personally used Salesforce? What does he think of the interface?
Where can I get my mobile app UX/UI design reviewed?
Which companies value design (UX, UI) the most and have a good design culture in India?
What is an interface?
How do you measure user experience?
How do I create a vertical navigation menu?
For the US and the EU, how much can I charge for an app?
Which applicant tracking system is the best as far as UI, UX, and analytics capabilities?
Despite of a great funding received by Paytm, why is it not concentrating on the look and feel of the website?
If you were to choose between a UI developer and a back-end developer, what would you choose and why?
Is it user-friendly to have two delete button on the same webpage on Admin Panel?
Where in the USA should I move to pursue my dream in UX design, plus higher education?
Hypothetically, if you had less than one month to learn how to become an effective UX/UI designer, what resources and programs would you focus on the most?
Why is Linkedin's UI so bad?
Do UIs like this exist for Android phones? If not, can they be made?
What are some examples of user experience studies that show dramatic increases in conversions and engagement?
What are standards for determining how much information is too much information in a good UI/UX design?
How can I be able to design better UI with JavaScript?
UX Research: How do you define your UX philosophy in a single sentence?
What is the best UI design technologies currently used by professionals for mobile or desktop?
What do experienced user experience designers think of Quora's new "Re-ask" changes?
I'm designing a new Instagram page. What should I do in the bio?
What are some examples of web products (websites, apps, mobile sites) that have bad user experience (UX) designs, but are still popular?
What are the available jobs for UI developers?
I want to do an UI/UX design course in Boston, USA. What are the best colleges or universities?
Are there any mock up tools for UI/UX for web or J2EE?
What's the best way to mention in my resume that I'm a good UI designer?
When if ever, will Pandora adapt to the new web standards and move away from Flash?
What do you think about Quora reverting this update from its user interface (June 2015)?
I am working as a UI/UX Designer in a company. How is the future for a person with my profile if I choose HCI (human computer interactions) in my masters?
Where can I purchase After Effects animations for a mobile app UI/UX (Android & iOS)?
How can I assign a Dropbox RestClient delegate to a background job instead of a UI view/element?
What is a way to integrate Sketch Ui designs in Parse or Xcode?
Are there any start-ups/places in Bangalore that'd help me intern/learn more about UI/UX designing?
What is the best online free course to learn UI design for a beginner?
Is Google plus orange color ugly?
What are any good ownCloud alternatives with a web interface?
Is Restangular useful for manipulating data in UI?
What are some good MS programs which combine user experience design with business analytics?
Which computer icons no longer make sense to a modern user?
What matters the most from the user perspectives, the best looking website (UI/UX) with average functionality or the average looking website with every component working at its best?
What is Deloitte UI training?
What is the future of UI/UX designer? Is there any life for it?
How long does it take to be a senior user experience researcher? Is that a title given after time or a title that is earned by one person at the company?
What colour or colour schemes have you found to convert well for B2B or B2B audiences?
How is the user experience of Booksfree?
Which one is better, Google's material design or Microsoft's metro user interface?
What are good UI design patterns to present a list of tags ?
How was this 3D cube photo effect achieved on this website http://rdcm.com/en/? Is it open source?
What is it like being a UI/UX designer at Teewe?
Are there any usability issues with outlined iOS7-style icons over filled icons?
Where can I find a design intern for an early stage start-up in Mumbai?
What are the best example of mobile app walkthrough screens?
What are the new changes or additions on Quora (new UI)?
Why is Facebook Lite blocked in the US when it has a superior UI/UX design?
Should I go back to school and get a degree to become a UX designer?
UICollectionView is not scrolling to indexPath?
What are some examples of lawsuits resulting from a bad software UI?
What are pros and cons of having a search box (our main feature) on the left sidebar as opposed to having a search box right in the middle like most websites today?
From a UX perspective, would you consider cross-linking between tabs as a bad UI?
What programs/frameworks/languages must UI/UX developers be familiar with in 2015 and the near future?
What is the best place to learn modern UI/UX stuff for web applications?
How would you go about amending the user experience of an old careers website (big corporation - 160 countries) with quick fixes to improve usability before a complete redesign?
How do I build a UI/UX Toolkit?
What are the most effective methods of encouraging users to engage with a new platform once they have registered?
I am looking to build a tablelist.com and survnow.com type of platform. Are there any out of the box solutions you can recommend to build something similar?
Do you like Quora's new homescreen design? What changes do you expect?
Is building a new type of UI for E-commerce a good idea?
Quora has an upvote and a downvote and what other buttons, features or ideas should they consider?
I'm an UX designer. How valuable is learning Framer.js?
Does Hawaiian Airlines employ visual and user experience designers on staff or is that work contracted out?
How do I improve the user experience of my website, provided that multiple types of people visit it?
Does a "cookie cutter" Bootstrap web design make a website lose credibility?
What is the full form of UI?
Why did Quora change their favicon icon?
Any charting library capable to plot line charts inside of a tooltip when the mouse is hovering over a node on a treemap?
Why is the "new item" button frequently on the bottom right of app UI's?
Why are Indians so bad at UI?
What is the best institute for UI/UX design in Delhi?
How can one learn/get started/master UI related stuff?
What process did Apple take to design the architecture and interface of iOS?
How far can I get as a UI Developer?
What is the going rate in Los Angeles for a senior level UI designer?
Why hasn't ECMAScript/HTML5 provided more built-in structure for common UI components like virtualized lists?
What are some of the best UI/UX books and/or online courses to attend?
In homepage UIs, why is the "sign up" button always much more prominent than that "login" button?
What is a good example of a website with great UX design for self-service?
What are the best frameworks to develop a good UI in Java?
What are the tools used to design a creative user interfaces in popular android apps?
Should I turn on CSS font smoothing for my website? What percentage of users will actually see it?
What are the best sites for UI/UX design news and trends?
Which company is better for a UI developer, Sapient or Symphony or Siemens?
Why has Quora adopted such an ugly and confusing UI?
Should Quora add the option to comment on the specific paragraph of an answer as Medium does?
Why is not Quora working on a better design and user experience?
What is the difference between the user Interface and the operating system?
Why did Quora just update its web interface on 6/9/15?
What is the best college/career path in UX/UI design?
What is the relation between (video) response time and user experience?
What are several iOS/Android apps with good user experience and user interface design?
How do I interface ADXL335 with Arduino?
What do you think of the user interface (desktop) of the home page of this E-commerce portal?
How do I build an animation-rich/colorful-transparent UI for iOS?
What should I do to get a job in IBM Bangalore as a UI developer (Html5, CSS3, Bootstrap)?
I have been away from Quora for the past week, I am not sure how I feel about the new change of icons (user interface). What are some comments on this?
What are the best sites to explore different types of brand logos?
What are some of the best iOS apps out there with the best user interface/user experience and visual design?
What is the preferred way to change a website's language, by IP or by the browser's language of the visitor?
How can I make a small radar like Project Soli?
Are UX developers paid more than a .NET developer?
Will being a commerce graduate be a hurdle into a user experience designing career?
What do you think of Quora's new interface?
How do you design an amazing help experience for confused users on a website?
Are there any schools that offer product design and UX/UI design degree in one single graduate degree?
Which smartphone UI is best from the following, ZenUI, OxygenOS, Cyanogenmod, Stock Android, Emotion UI, Sense UI, MIUI, Touch Wiz, Vibe UI, Optimus UI, Flyme OS, MiFavor UI, Funtouch UI, MotoBlur UI, Multi Effect Smart UI, Hive UI, Color OS, One Touch Fire OS, Xperia UI, Firefox?
How do I prevent Skype from making the "cancel file download" button the same as "download"?
What are all the changes made in Latest Quora interface?
Why did windows feel like a mess to me after about 2 months of migrating to Apple (OS X), even though I used Windows for about 15 years? Does it mean OS X design is much more streamlined?
How can I use NWJS.io and famo.us for building the custom user interface for the embedded devices?
From a UI/UX standpoint in Q&A websites like Quora or Reddit, would it be ineffective to bring the user who clicks "comments" to a new tab showing the question, the answer, and all of the comments for that specific answer instead of letting them drop down?
As a user-experience researcher, how do you know that you are asking the right research question in a project?
Can I apply for a skilled career visa in Australia as a UX designer? What tips can you give me?
What are some of the mobile apps which have the best user interface?
Is there a user experience designer post graduate course available at NID?
Is it advisable to study in the United States for a design masters program from India with a loan in hand?
What is the difference between Android versions except for the UI?
Is there a shopping app like Wunderlist which has a cool user interface and easy to use features?
When masking sensitive data in a UI what is the best visual device, asterisk or bullets?
Why is a flat design favored over skeuomorphic design now?
Can I use Gotham Rounded as typeface for iOS, Android, and web?
What is preventing the larger-scale adaption of really large touch screens (i.e. standing body-sized or larger)? Couldn't these be helpful in giving presentations or showing showing data for teams?
Can I make an app with the same features but a different UI?
What will be the holographic user interface reality?
For UI\UX, what are the advantages of a radial/circle menu over the more common rectangular grid of buttons?
What are 5 best enterprise's websites for inspiration?
Can I do an MS in user experience design at Stanford?
Why doesn't iOS's default alarm app tell you how long before the alarm goes off?
How is the job market today (2015) for UI/UX designers in Silicon Valley? How is the competition?
What UX problems could arise from making 2 level light boxes - one opening over the previous?
What are the best UI designs/patterns for audit/drill down features?
How do I make sure a user on The Market does not bounce off from the home page? Should I reduce the number of banners or products?
I'm an electronics graduate working as a UI developer. What are the carrier opportunities that will make me stand out of the crowd?
I'm a UI designer, I'm copying UI elements from multiple places which fits the requirement and put it together make a design and delivered it to clients. Is it a good thing to do?
Does opening pages in a new tab provide a better user experience?
How do I write a user interface for Android? I have designed a UI in Photoshop, how to get that in my app? Where to start?
How does Android render its main UI?
What is your take on Quora's new website design?
How do I make stunning UIs in concept design? 
What is UI and why is it laid on top of OS?
How can we describe the entire UX process a designer might undergo to create an interface with reference to UX principles?
How do you criticize the industrial design and user experience of the phone named Smartisan T1?
I want a UI design for my Android app. The app just has a switch (or any alternative you can think of to toggle a feature on and off) and a few settings. What are some creative ways to design this?
How would you design your XAML UI?
What are some UX tips for created an online shopping site?
I am trying to decide between Proto.io and Webflow for building prototypes for a web app. What are the pluses / minuses for each?
Are there any notable opponents to the current fashion for decluttering user interfaces?
What are the best UX/UI companies in Delhi NCR?
Where can I post screenshots of my application to be criticized from a UI/UX point of view?
I am a UI developer in India. How can I become a UX researcher?
Is there any UI design for a desktop application to save time on designing?
How can I make different UIs for OpenGTS?
What are the best books on web usability and/or user experience?
What are some examples of good UI/UX design for a b2b web app?
What role does UX play when launching a web platform? Should one test lean methodology with a top notch UX or just mediocre UX is fine to test a feature and get customer feedback?
What framework is accessed through an interface?
Do you know of any studies/examples of websites that have been redesigned and the effect this had on users?
What can I do to improve this summary screen UI design? Is there any general rule in UI designing?
What are some of the ways by which the IRCTC website can be improved from both technological and user experience perspectives?
What are the prerequisites to be a UI/UX designer at Google?
What is a good open source web application that allows users to easily create and use forms for data entry, along with querying and displaying the recorded information?
Is there a platform similar to Configure.IT for developing Android apps?
Is using a styling framework like Bootstrap or Foundation considered the best practice these days?
How do I customize UI on Magento? Can I get required codes?
Has Google ever intentionally worsened the user experience to get users to behave differently?
How can the crocodile browser UI be improved?
Which UI framework is best for PhoneGap in terms of response and speed?
Why does the Amazon.com UI suck and the company is still being the top rated?
Which is more important in the UX design: process or execution?
I'm currently a Visual Designer, what do I need to study up to be able to take a UI role?
How does one switch from being a salaried UX designer to being a contractor?
Where is the most common place for a user to rest their cursor while scrolling?
Why does Quora have such an ugly and unintuitive interface, and a poor user experience?
How would you distribute the work between a team of several developers in creating an app interface design?
Why is the UI on HBO GO so bad?
As an engineer, how can you prevent UI churn from indecisive PMs and/or UXs?
What are the pre-requisites for starting up a UX design studio?
How do I write a fake-placeholder? (read details)
I didn't clear the MIT ID this year, but I am very passionate about user experience designing. What can I do now?
How can I contribute to make Jenkins UI better?
What is a better start after BTech in IT, automation testing, Frontend/User Interface or Java development?
Who is linked or using the Dictate software on an iPhone with DragonDictate for their transcription needs?
How can I create my own CLI node module (get inputs from console and processes, with no separate UI) and publish to NPM?
How do I design a better UI in Struts 2 web-development?
Which is the best font among all in terms of readability?
How do I build my website so the interface looks the same across all devices?
What are the top-10 books recommended for UI designers?
How can I learn UI/UX design on my own while keeping a graphic design day job?
Does the field of UX design generally attract extroverts?
How powerful of a computer does a UX designer need?
What is the best interface for storing and manipulating data with Python?
When speaking with clients and potential clients, do I use UX jargon or layman's terms?
What is the fastest and most responsive Linux distros or desktop environments?
How do I get the best UI using Struts 2 tags? (read the description)
What is the best job searching site for UX professionals from India?
Is UX (User Experience) a new area to watch or is it just another buzz word?
Is simple always better in UX design? Are there good examples where more complexity is necessary?
Can you suggest a UX wireframing tool that can incorporate a bespoke pattern library?
I've applied for a UI/UX role. They have asked me to supply a portfolio with mobile UK icons, wallpapers or widgets. What do they mean by this?
What are the best interaction design programs for graduates in Canada?
Would Quora consider changing the "More Stories" button so that I can see new stories, but not lose my place on the page?
Is it possible to create a colorful user interface using a C++ language?
When desktop monetization goes down and its driven by user experience improvements to our ad targeting and our P4P ranking algorithm, which lowered CPCs, what does this mean?
Is there a technical reason the Flickr app for Android mobile is so unintuitive?
What is the purpose of creating test data from a testing perspective, i.e. if the same data can be inserted through the user experience?
What is a website where I can practice good UI/UX design?
Why does the Quora interface vary so much from device to device?
What is the UI/UX designer salary in Dubai?
What's better: allowing users to translate documents without being verified or have them verified before they can translate them?
Are the UI elements grid and table synonymous?
How do you design websites (code and graphics)?
Should a good product manager be product agnostic?
What's your recent ideal UI design project?
What software programs (IDE) can I use to design fancy user interfaces?
What are the simple solutions to problems that were previously solved very complicated?
How does Apple Keynote detect when to apply a grey background to very light-colored text fonts (in the text preview pane)?
Who is the best UI/UX design studio?
WhatsApp: What do you think about the redesign of WhatsApp on Android?
I'm transitioning careers from finance to UX. How can I find a good UX mentor that understands my background?
Why is Microsoft Windows degrading its UI as it is upgrading its product after the release of Windows 7?
Why is the user interface of Motorola phones so messed up in the Lollipop update?
How do you create an attractive UI in Java?
How do you find the user experience of the HDFC bank website? What can be done to make it better?
Where can I learn UX design in Bangalore?
What are the best users interface web pages available in the world?
Is EchoSign a nightmare to use?
Which high professional mobile prototyping tools where you can export the whole prototype and animations into real native iOS or/and Android code?
Are there anyway that I could know if a native mobile application UI was build by web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)?
What are the future prospects of a UX designer in Australia?
What are some ways to make an eCommerce/online shop website addictive and fun for shoppers?
How can I get the most of the Mac program Sketch?
What are some funny Quora UI elements or messages?
Is "shake to clear all" is a good UX design on mobile?
User Interfaces: Do you dislike anything about your smart phone or smart watch?
How can I find the problems causing my app retention low?
When will "haptic technology" become a mainstream feature of the internet's interface? When will we add the sense of touch to the web?
What is an effective way to select many options in a mobile site?
During my gap year, would it be better to gain work experience at a startup or a design firm (e.g. Frog Design)?
What is a good template size for designing a landscape view on a mobile device?
How do I achieve overflow ellipsis in a multi-line text through CSS?
Where can I find a UI design mentor to support me through Skype and email in my first UI role?
What is the daily job of a front-end engineer or user interface engineer at companies like Google, Facebook, or Amazon?
User to user shipping with PHP. How can I have the seller user ship the item and track the item on my website?
Where and how can high school students learn to develop good user interfaces for iOS mobile applications in Xcode?
Early on an interface message processor was used to allow different computers to interface with the ARPANET. What was the next technological progression to the IMPs?
What are some UI framework suggestions for Meteor with Material Design?
Why do big companies like Sony and Samsung have terrible security and/or interfaces?
How do I create a user friendly website?
How do I find UX/UI design internship opportunities or junior positions as a new grad in Toronto?
Can we call a web designer a UI designer?
Do you think Quora should separate "Make Anonymous" from "Add to Reading List" in the menu?
What does SkyDrive look like on other devices besides the device it was introduced to you by? How is it accessed from other devices?
What is interface in a microprocessor?
What are some suggestions of a user interface translation library/plugin for HTML5/CSS application?
I am urgently in need of some online app testing platform. I know there are a lot of them like Appsee and Userzoom etc., but my time is short. Which ones are the best?
How can I get advice on the UI/UX of my B2B product that I launched a week back?
What would the majority of the population prefer in the long run: a suite of elegant applications with great interface and functionality on their device or a single gateway to do everything via Chrome?
Do fashion and computer human interface overlap?
What is the best tool that can serve as a project dashboard for UI design projects?
Is the Metro UI style for web design a good option, or is that style dying?
Which framework do UI/UX designers favor or recommend between Pixate and Framer?
Why would you hire an user experience designer?
Who is the UX designer of the Windows system?
Will I be able to redesign the UI completely if I buy a template from OpenCart?
How can I place widgets relatively to each other in a QWidget without using any layout widget (like QGridLayout, QLayout, etc.) in Qt?
Which mobile app has the best user interface?
How can you be a master craftsman in the traditional sense when your profession depends on a computer and your tools get outdated every year?
Where can I find fresh UI/UX designers in Mumbai?
How can you develop and grow your personal career as a UX & UI designer?
I am a UI/UX designer and I want a full-time job. What are the methods of going about getting hired?
Which is the best course for a UX designer to raise his value as a top designer?
Is it safe to use InVision (app) or MarvelApp? What if their staff steals the product design?
Does anyone agree that for being a very design conscious community, Quora's user experience is rather confusing?
How do I interface RTC with ATmega8?
Why is Quora's user interface not attractive as compared to that of Facebook? Are Facebook designers better?
What are good ways of improving the UI/UX in MS Excel?
How do I avoid boredom at work as a UI designer? Is it natural among the designers?
I want to be a UI/UX web designer. Which profession should I choose in the RISD, industrial design or graphic design?
What's the overlap between growth hacking and product design?
Why do designers want to learn Swift?
Is the FreeCharge app designed by an agency or is it done in-house? If it is done by an agency, which one?
How did Alan Dye, Apple's iPhone box designer with no UX experience end up doing the UI design for Apple Watch?
What UX/UI developers do? Is it different from UX/UI designer? Why do backbend developers earn more than UI developers?
What websites are the best to design my own stamps?
Can anybody name me some of the best colleges in Germany to pursue a masters in UI/UX designing?
How much should I charge for a mobile app design if I'm a new UI designer, just starting out in the field?
How did Clef create the graphics for their scanning? Is this some kind of QR code?
What is the best UI framework for Windows forms?
What are similar job titles to that of a UI designer?
Given it's location and access to capital & talent, why is the LinkedIn UI and UX so bad?
What does a user experience designer do?
What are the best online site courses for an Android UX/UI design?
Very recently, Gmail has introduced this 'new feature' of first entering our email id and then click next and enter password. Is it just me or anyone else feel frustrated by this move?
What do the best UX/UI designers look for in a job?
Which UI framework works well for both mobile and desktop devices?
How do I get excellent UI/UX designers for an interesting design assignment with the possibility of joining the core team of a travel tech startup without posting it as a job?
How was Quora initially like?
As a UI designer, how should I have to start a new design project? What are the steps I have to follow?
How do I interface the TV tuner to the monitor with no RF wire interface?
Why do we need UI?
Which documents should be delivered to clients if they want UI/UX planning/modeling?
If you're assigned to hire a UX Designer for a six figure salary job, What would be an example of such a designer? Are there some links for that ideal portfolio, that resume and that social profile?
As designers, have you learned to code? If so, what was your motivation for doing so?
Do we need revised computer-user interface concepts?
Is there a universal name for the section below the navigation/header and above the main content on a website homepage?
In which interface is coding easier, SPI or I2C?
What softwares are a great alternative to Sketch 3 on Windows for UI Designers?
Does Quora have its UI in pure HTML?
How essential is a good university education to building a successful career in the UI/UX and being a full-stack developer?
How do I modify a Windows 8.1/ 10 login screen to look like these?
What is a good place to get country flags that come in the SVG format?
In which training centers in Delhi/NCR can I learn UI/UX?
What is the value of a UX designer?
I am doing a pre-launch for my new app. Do you find these App Store screenshots effective?
On Quora, why are avatars on the "ask to answer" round but otherwise square on the entire website?
User Interfaces: I am going to apply for H4 EAD. I am learning UI designing online and have no prior experience in any field. What is the scope of UI designing in the US?
We have a developed product to create an interactive PDF document programmatically. What should we do with this product?
How good is Vuclip company working as a UI/UX designer?
Which mobile app offers you a better user experience between Flipkart.com (product) and Myntra.com?
Do the roles of user interface plus user experience equal to a product designer?
What is the best tool to create mobile prototypes with animations?
Are there any good UI design galleries that filter based on industry type?
What is the difference between Webix UI and Kendo UI?
What is a good link to go through Kendo UI and HTML 5 events?
What steps should I take to become a mobile UX designer?
Why do you see UI Slash UX design jobs only in India?
What questions are asked during a director of UX interview?
Do a lot of people or SMEs use the Gumtree website  to look for jobs or hire people? I find hundreds of articles about scammers targeting job seekers on the Gumtree website. Have people come up with a similar website (but better) tackling the credibility issue of the job ads on Gumtree?
What are aspects of cognitive science and cognitive psychology that are used in User Experience Design?
Why were most GUI's in the 90's grey? Why was the colour grey chosen?
I want to unfollow all followed people in Ask.fm at once. Since there are thousands to unfollow, I can't scroll that much. What can I do?
What is it called when an icon is represented by an outdated symbol of that function?
Do industrial designers possess the skills and knowledge to be good UI/UX designers? Are graphic designers more appropriate hires if both are fresh graduates?
Will Snapdeal ever work on their poor and sucking user interface?
How do you make a right decision when you, as a project owner, have a different opinion about the UI than your designer?
What are some examples of great user experience design in Disneyland?
How can Quora improve the user interface and lay out for better navigation?
How do I design a user interface and experience targeted for people of a specific country?
How do we get C6H6 as there must be a formula?
What are some good and bad UX examples?
Who is favorite UX speaker?
Android is using the material design since Lollipop, what was the name of the previous UI design?
What are best-in-class UI/UX examples of embedded eSigning (i.e., not leaving the site)?
What are good examples of online customization or configuration tools?
Do you look for inspiration before starting a design project?
What branch of psychology should we learn to understand deeper about the philosophy of UX/UI design?
Why is the user not pushed by the NIS?
Can I develop a cool UI/UX interface design from NetBeans using Java language?
How can I make £1000 per day as a UI designer?
What do you think of the Camzero user interface?
How do I get stock Android experience on my smartphone by removing the custom user interface by OEMs?
How bad is the Coursera user interface?
What's the salary for a UI/UX designer?
Which profession have a better future, accountant or UI/ UX designer?
Which software is mostly used for graphics user interface?
What are interface UVCs and module UVCs in UVM?
How does Discourse do user interviews?
I'm looking for an innovative interface design for my subscription-based online business. What are some websites you've visited recently and said "wow, that's different!"?
Where can I find the best practices for user-interface messages for a web application?
Why does Instagram utilise only the central 33% of the space available to display pictures on its web site?
Are there competing products to the UI/UX package Baikal?
How can I design a mobile UI with Photoshop? Do I simply draw layers and save them as PSD?
Does an Android update solve a user interface failure?
Is this UI enticing to users?
What are your suggestions for the Camzero user interface?
What do you hate most about smartphones user interfaces?
What if one designer is both an interaction designer and an industrial designer?
What is a way to grow up as an outstanding UI designer and enter the Frog design?
Who designed the new UI of ESPN Cricinfo web page?
How did you get started with your UX/UI design portfolio?
Who are the best UX/UI designers in China?
What is the purpose of a bus interface?
Myntra.com and Flipkart.com are shutting down their websites. Is it going to be the end for all UI/JavaScript developers in the IT industry?
How can I buy a Topsy Pro user?
What are your 10 commandments of user experience design?
What are some tips/best practices for a designer transitioning from iOS to Android?
I'm looking for useful UI patterns that facilitate building a complex object or entity activity/change log for a CRM. The entities include a lead (future or current customer) with their personal data, dispatch addresses, orders, conversations by e-mail, phone and text messages, etc. How do I do this?
We all know that the beauty of Quora lies in its simplicity. Would it be better if the user interface was spiced up a bit and new features be added?
How do I interface RS232 with a microcontroller?
How would you like the UI/UX of my college fest site to be better?
Are there any tools that help a programmer create the user interface of a web application in HTML/CSS directly?
Why does Google Drive have such an unintuitive user experience?
What is the difference between the UI/UX scene in the US and Europe?
Why is UI and UX design not important to Quora?
How much time is spent selling or defending UX to the customer?
How do you make UI with Python?
Which profession has a more competitive industry in New York City: CPA or a UI/UX designer?
What is the most feature rich html5 ui framework?
I think the UI design is so ugly! Do you think so?
Where can I find an online UI design/pattern repository?
Do you think Camzero provides a good user experience?
Is Google I/O worth going to if you're not a developer?
Should I go to a state school or private school for CS/design?
I want to become a UI/UX designer. I also want to learn IS, accounting, and business related areas. Which school should I go to, CUNY Baruch College, Fordam University in New York City, SUNY Binghamton University, Stonybrook University, or RPI in Troy, NY?
Is there a blog or site which is dedicated to the analysis of UI/UX concepts of apps and sites?
As a UX designer, how would you redesign the user experience of a city or an urban layout?
If I major in accounting and marketing, can I become a UI/UX designer?
What's a good name for an erroneous device touch due to an unexpected display change eg a notification?
What is it like to be a UX researcher on the global design team at SAP?
What are the best examples of icons/graphics to display the concept of 'cheap' or 'affordable', without resorting to horrible clip-art cliches?
How much should I charge for a UI design of 3 main screens of the app by project rate?
What is the difference between interface design, interaction design, and UI design?
Who is Coursera's UI designer?
How is Lenovo's Vibe UI 2.0? Is it good when compared to pure Android UI offered by Motorola?
Which are some of the good practice school II stations offering positions in UI/UX development?
How is a user experience design course different from an interaction design course?
Why is an icon most likely to be put on the left of the text in UI design?
Can I change the skin UI icons to default Android icons in a Lenovo A7000?
What are the key skills and tools required for a UI/UX designer to land a job in UI/UX?
What is the difference between graphical environment, user interface and graphical shell?
What should I major in if I want to become a UI/UX designer within these schools: RPI, Stony Brook, Binghamton, CCNY, Baruch, Hunter, and Fordham?
Is it possible to implement Bootstrap themes in Android UI?
Why is Sulekha.com a hit when its user interface is very poor?
How is the PG course in user experience design from MITID (Pune)? What is its placement scenario?
What are the skills a user experience designer should have?
Do you know any other CRM where users can do this in interface?
Is there UX perspective on whether header nav aligned left, center, or right is most effective?
What is an easy-to-use and user friendly piece of software for designing homes and other buildings?
What are some tips for running usability/UX sessions with children as participants?
As a UX designer, how would you redesign physical spaces to fit user wants and needs?
Where can I find a UX/UI designer in New York?
How do you setup Adobe Illustrator to design UI for iOS?
What are the best schools/universities in Guadalajara for learning UI/UX design?
What is the most user friendly career page that you have seen?
Are there companies that provide credit monitoring for APIs for third party vendors who have user interfaces built?
What do you think about Coursera's user interface?
User Interfaces: Why does Google want to waste 1 second of my time every time I want to see News or frequently used apps. Is anybody else annoyed by this thing?
I got into the GWU and the RPI. Should I major in international relations or become a UI/UX designer?
In your opinion, what are companies looking for, a designer specialist (UX or UI or Front) or a Full Stack designer?
What tool and guideline is good to make UI design for an app or website?
Is slow loading of a site a UX problem or an UI issue?
Which of the following programs in RPI should I double major with CS to become a UI/UX designer?
I have to design two different versions of the same mobile application, one more simple and light and the other more complete and filled with more resources. How could I show to the user they can interchange between the two versions?
How do I decide between learning UX/UI design and coding?
Why hasn't the UI of Quora changed significantly over the years?
Does the UX team at the SAP utilize behavioral economics and quantitative insights to create the user's experience?
What is a high-level flow in UX/UI design? What would it look like?
Is it a good UI/UX for an app?
What kind of tasks do UX designers perform?
I've removed Windows from my PC and installed Ubuntu. Now I need to install Windows again, but it seems I can't just use a Windows 8 bootable USB to remove the Ubuntu. How can I resolve this?
What should be the business model of a design studio? How much revenue does a standard design studio generate in a year?
How do I add a pattern for special characters excluding quotation marks in a UI tag?
Which iOS apps should a young designer build for a portfolio and practice?
How does Quora do user interviews?
What site would you recommend that uses the flat design style?
What are some visual design theories that can be tested during usability studies?
How can startups hire for UI/UX through Facebook, Yahoo, etc.?
What kind of apps run on an airplane's back seat screens?
Why does Yahoo have such a poor UI?
Could you give examples of ecommerce websites which you really enjoy (great user experience, design etc.)?
As an UX or UI designer, how valuable is MS degree of HCDE from University of Washington, Seattle?
For a designer that only knows some of HTML and CSS, how long does it take to learn Framer JS?
How can I visualize my product UX/UI?
How do I efficiently develop a multiple category admin interface where categories can be attached to multiple companies?
What is the future for UI/UX designers? Is it better to do accounting financially?
For UX folks - what else (other than Excel) can I use to track client outstanding UX issues?
How are beautiful non standard user interfaces for Android apps created?
What is the average salary of a mid-career UI/UX designer in London?
Which option provides better user experience, login with username or login with email address?
Which is better: accounting or UI/UX design?
What WordPress theme and plugins would I need to make a site that looked and felt similar to http://lifehack.org?
If any client asks me to deliver a UI/UX design, what should I deliver?
What degrees can lead to UX design?
IOS app working with a web interface where users input data - what language would the web interface be written in?
How do I program an autocomplete search function on a web app that indexes 5mil+ dB records and searches partial match across multiple data fields from on UI field input location?
What do you think of Humblepad's UI?
What credentials do large firms look for in prospective UI/UX designers?
What are some games/activities to bring my UX and GUI teams together?
What distinguishes expert designers from regular ones?
What is a good way to receive feedback on my website?
How many posts are served up at a time with Facebook's infinite scrolling?
I have little experience in UI/UX design, however, to save money, I designed the first version designs for my web based application. How can I get feedback to make my work look more professional?
Does the new UI in Unity 3D 4.6 and later support tabbed pages?
Can I use the MEAN.JS generator to generate a site minus the Bootstrap UI framework so that I can use my own UI and not have to do CSS overrides to all the structures in Bootstrap?
What is the best university to learn advanced UI/UX design?
If you have a Shopify website, what are your customers saying about using your site?
I'm a UX/UI designer, but recently while working with developers I explored my interest in programming and building applications. But I have not done an engineering course. Can I still be a programmer and have scope in this?
What are the worst UX blunders of Adobe Creative Suite/Cloud products?
What are the pros and cons of taking the GA UX/UI course in LA?
What are some examples of great UIs in member backends?
What things should I learn to start from the ground up to be a UI designer?
How competitive is the UX and UI scene?
Why does Google show the total results it found for a search query, and how much time it took to compute it?
I am a designer who has worked primarily in print for over 15 years and want to break into the UX/UI field. What are some basic ideas or courses/tutorials I could do to jump into this field?
Does Google+ have a superior user experience to Facebook?
How are PayPal and GoDaddy, with such notoriously difficult user interfaces, still able to maintain their business status?
What would YouTube viewers like to be added, deleted, or modified on YouTube site for better user interaction and viewing pleasure?
How can I build my own design webpage in Joomla?
What are some examples of UX designs that left you speechless?
Is this layout (for homepage) poorly designed?
Do some web apps customize their product (front-end and/or back-end) depending on your user profile?
I am an EE major who wants to be a UI/UX designer. What should I do?
What are the most important emerging user experience themes on mobile right now?
Which design process do you follow or use as a UI/UX designer?
What are some human-computer interaction courses in India?
As a product manager, what skill is more valuable: computer programming or web-design (UX, UI)?
Which school has the best "new media design/ interaction design" program in the USA in terms of output (best employment)?
Where do we write HTML5?
Do serious programmers use interface builders? Why or why not?
What is AngularUI?
How do I begin my journey into UI/UX?
Will a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy Duos) work if all its connectivity hardware for the SIM and WiFi are removed? Will the user interface and basic features work, which doesn't require WiFi and SIM connectivity?
What are the best master's or diploma UX/UI programs in Canada?
What type of conversion rates does a well-designed website receive versus an outdated designed website (case study)?
What are the things that interaction designers love most about their jobs?
How do you be a good UI designer?
How do I build an audio interface?
Who are the best responsive web designers in Kerala?
Would an internship at SAP in the user experience team provide a good learning experience?
How can I make the easiest login possible for my users while protecting their security?
What are some popular websites that have reports displayed?
At what stage of company growth do you hire a digital product design firm?
Why are some integrated development environments which provide both code and UI design tools very good when it comes to coding but poor at designing UIs?
Software Engineers: A lead UI developer refuses to run regression tests. He claims he is too busy. What would you do? Why?
What are some good Android UI design online free tools?
Will Matt Drudge ever change the design and layout of drudgereport.com?
What is an example of a brief that a UI designer would receive?
What are the best UX courses/boot camps one can take in Los Angeles?
Is there any chance that I can convert my UFT(QTP) code to a coded UI?
As a UX designer, why should I use HTML+CSS to create prototypes instead of something like InVision?
How do I reinstate the Intel Rapid Start Technology Manager?
How good is the user interface made by using C++ with supporting libraries?
How will you start your working day as a UI/UX designer?
What are your biggest fears when hiring a digital product design firm?
What's a cool idea for something Twitter could do with their user interface?
My mobile app has two tabs. Each tab has two types of records. What is the best way to show this from a UI/UX perspective?
Who is in the User Experience (UX) team at Quora?
Is it possible to get an entry level UX designer position with just a graphic design certificate & a UX design course, but no AA/BA?
Can I become a UX/UI designer after my master's in CS programming?
Where can I find reviews on "online table reservation" for the position of a UI developer?
Which are the tools that can be used to analyze user behavior in complex web applications like banking or healthcare software?
What are the differences between people who maximize the window to cover the entire screen and those who prefer to keep it right-sized with other windows showing?
How is the "add question" feature of Quora implemented with respect to the user interface?
I am torn between a career in architecture and a career as a freelance UI/UX designer. Which do you think will be more stable long-term?
How do potential employers look at me (and judge my skills) if I call myself a UI/UX designer and developer?
How do you find your clients as a UI/UX design agency?
Why is the user interface of the Gaana mobile app similar to Spotify?
How can I objectively analyse a mobile UI design? Are there any parameters for a visual analysis, or should I follow the principles of design?
When will computers crash and freeze less, and provide a seamless experience?
Are there other ways to become a UX researcher if I cannot afford grad school and cannot do an internship because of visa issues (currently on H1 working visa)?
Is it true that developers cannot take my user interface design settings from Sketch and take it 1:1 in x-code (iOS/swift). They say it's not possible because Sketch is doing everything in PT and x-code/swift in PX. Is it true?
What are suggestions of some names and websites of responsive web designers in Kerala?
When designing the graphics for a website (or just a mockup in Photoshop), which is the right width size and height of the part of the page visible without scrolling?
Which one should I use, Notepad++ or Sublime Text? Why?
If a web developer wants to be a UI designer, how does the person get into design?
What data is sent from the mouse to the PC to handle cursor?
What are typical cash with equity options for startup compensation?
What are some good prototyping tools for Android UI/UX design?
Who are the best web designers (UI/UX) specializing in social networks?
What was the initiator to move design from skeuomorphism to flat?
Mobile UI Design: What app is available that basically helps developers understand the options and effects of UI objects?
What is the best experience (UI/UX) for uploading and playing videos on mobile apps?
During execution of a user process, the user can specify a process to be executed until completion, thus preventing any other user process to be executed until the exclusive one is completed. How can one use the messaging mechanism of MINIX?
When you open Uber and see cars on the map, are those cars available or just any Uber in the area?
When I use a translator to make my interfaces in Arabic, how can I make the justification from right to left?
When a UX designer deals with a client, when should they stop iterating over a prototype and start working on the UI?
Aren't all visual interfaces, graphical user interfaces?
Now that I have a website, what's next?
What are cool things Facebook could do with a new UI design?
Which is the worst website in terms of user interface?
Which London web designer is both affordable and has a great UX and UI?
Why was the user interface of the Taxi For Sure app almost similar to OLA's app, even before OLA acquired them?
How can I get the best UI design for my website?
First we had CLI(Console) next GUI next TUI(Touch) what would be the next user interface?
Are people more willing to purchase a product/service after demoing?
Who designed the website for Garnet Hill?
I'm an Android developer working in a reputed company with a good earning but I don't have any experience in UI design. How can I learn to design good user interface?
How can you explain application programming interface (API) in layman's terms?
How did you get your start in the FUI (fictional user interface) industry?
Which is easy on the eyes for programmers: white text on black background or black text on white background?
How do you find India Mart in UI?
Are there any internships for designing a user interface for an autonomous car?
Does the new UI in Unity 3D 4.6 and later support tabbed pages?
Are there any quality current (late 2014/early 2015) books on iOS UI design or mobile UI design in general?
Should I choose UX or programming?
Can I change the application loading image in Siebel Open UI?
What is your preferred web animation platform for UI interactions?
What education platforms have the best UX and UI?
What are the worst UX blunders of Adobe Creative Suite/Cloud products?
What skills does Huge Inc. value most in its UX designers?
What is a UI/UX based comparision of Flipkart and Amazon?
If Quora had an IM-type personal messaging function, how would you value this? Will it be a plus point for user experience or will it degrade Quora's purpose of sharing knowledge publicly?
How competitive is the UX and UI scene?
Why does Google show the total results it found for a search query, and how much time it took to compute it?
What is the role of any 40- to 50-year-old (UI/UX/visual/product) designers now? Do they have to transition into a director or managerial type role?
Which is the best site for holding online UI/UX hackathons and competitions?
How was your experience working with designers and/or developers from the Crew platform?
Can Android apps use PHP server interfaces? If yes, how?
How do you design an ATM for kids?
Why does Amazon.com has such a dull UI?
Is there any app that allows the user to choose between different GUIs?
What is a good website for user experience design methods?
Why does this GUI look so crowded? How does one fix it?
What are some examples of UX designs that left you speechless?
For a social media photo app with a huge user base like Facebook, will having a quirky animation (will occur once every 30 tap) be appealing to an entire spectrum of people (millennials to grandma)? What is the best practice for implementing a quirky animation?
What is the process Apple uses to create products that are extremely simple to use (iPods, iPads, etc.)? Are there good books explaining their methods in detail?
Does having a good interface of webmail help me use it?
Are there any UI components for payment integration for Android?
How do you design an alarm clock for the blind?
How can I do a UI mockup for a project?
What are some human-computer interaction courses in India?
Which college major would benefit me the most as a candidate for a UI/UX designer position: business/marketing or design?
Where can I get Siebel Open UI training or tutorials?
Quora: What are these mystery glyphs?
Which school has the best "new media design/ interaction design" program in the USA in terms of output (best employment)?
How should designers make the final graphics of a website or mobile application?
How do I understand the impact of UI design on a UX (user experience)?
Do serious programmers use interface builders? Why or why not?
What is AngularUI?
I want to change my current cover picture to my profile picture without losing any of the likes and comments. How do I do it?
Why must the "status bar" always be visible in iOS?
How can I implement something like the image below, kind of like the blur effect?
What is it like working as a UX/UI designer in an NYC agency?
Why are Dutch people so good at UI design?
How do you keep enterprise software simple when the team wants to include every feature possible? What do you use as ammunition to keep too many features out of the system?
What are some encrypted open-source group chat applications/team communication tools similar to Slack, GroupMe or Twoodo, which are also easy to use; is there a market for some?
Are user experience designers overpaid?
How can I teach myself mobile user interface design, specifically for iOS?
In flat UI design what elements does a designer make and deliver as assets and what visual items are done by the developer instead?
How does a person who's graduated with a degree in UX go about getting their first job in the field?
I am a student at university. I have decided I want to pursue UI design. What should I do now?
Would Apple’s San Francisco be a suitable system typeface for iOS or OS X?
Why are some integrated development environments which provide both code and UI design tools very good when it comes to coding but poor at designing UIs?
How do I add spacing and padding to my UI mockup so that a developer can understand how to implement it?
How can students connect with mentors in user experience design, for reviewing work and learning about new methods, etc.? Are there any good online platforms?
What are the 3 most important things for a great UX design for a mobile app?
What would be the marketing budget of a UI/UX prototyping app like Invision, MarvelApp or CanvasFlip?
As a UX designer, why should I use HTML+CSS to create prototypes instead of something like InVision?
What are some examples of how expert users are accommodated in a mobile app?
Whose design philosophy do you think is the most inspirational and/or valid? Why?
What is the difference between a UI function, business workflow, and data accuracy?
Why do card payment devices go "BEEP" instead of "bing!" to confirm success?
How can I learn the best user interface design?
What are some examples for solving smartphone usability problems concerning the user interface design / interaction design by changing the interaction method?
What percentage of applications for a user experience design position get to interview with Google?
I feel I have the wrong companies on my CV. Is it possible?
Are all the employees in Google more powerful than us?
Which is the best image picker you have seen which allows you to take a photo, pick a photo from the device (phone/tablet/laptop), choose from an existing list of predefined pictures, and choose from a social app?
How will you market your product in the UI/UX space with a limited budget to compete with much larger players?
My mobile app has two tabs. Each tab has two types of records. What is the best way to show this from a UI/UX perspective?
How much does a UX designer makes in NYC?
Should the Quora interface be more attractive and easy to use?
Which analytics web app has the best UI/UX design?
Recently I was working on C++ GUI but that was on IDE's and they had libraries of their own. I want to develop a C++ GUI from scratch. I'm writing my own GUI libraries and frameworks, but I don't want to use QT or anything. What should I do?
Why can't we create direct objects for interfaces?
Where can I find reviews on "online table reservation" for the position of a UI developer?
What are the differences between people who maximize the window to cover the entire screen and those who prefer to keep it right-sized with other windows showing?
How is the "add question" feature of Quora implemented with respect to the user interface?
What are "value for money" companies for mobile app UI/UX design?
In freelance UI design, which option is the best to create a steadier income, working with digital media/app development firms or working for startups directly?
How different is it working as a designer at an agency from working as a product designer at a startup?
What makes designing user experiences challenging?
Are there any other UI/UX professionals out there who are completely annoyed by auto play videos?
How do you find your clients as a UI/UX design agency?
What does a UI designer need to know about app development?
I started on a computer science degree but realized I want to be a designer more than a software engineer. What do UI designers major in and what kind of classes do they take?
What are the best references for the user experience process?
Which is the best online site to start a UI/UX challenge?
How do I best show my understanding of UX/UI for a potential employer?
Can I use Angular just for user experience enhancements and not build an entire app?
Which one should I use, Notepad++ or Sublime Text? Why?
If Apple were to redesign the Salesforce user interface, what would it look like?
Can I get feedback on my UI/UX portfolio?
What is the best online site for hosting a UI/UX challenge/competition?
I want my web application, Shaadi Amantran to be tested for functionality as well as checked for its user experience. Any person or community want to help or collaborate?
How's the experience of working in Germany as an interaction/UX/UI designer?
What are typical cash with equity options for startup compensation?
What is the best strategy for creating UIs in a microservices architecture?
What other artistic websites would you nominate for a “best of the web” compilation?
Is it cool to be a UI designer?
What are some examples of great interaction design exercises that would be useful in interviews?
Who designed the Wikipedia UI?
Are there stats or studies regarding people using the space bar to scroll on web pages?
What are the challenges of card-based UI design?
Are there any good UX/UI websites for webapps? Think of pttrns for Webapps..
Is it bad to use both circles and squares in the same mobile UI?
What are HTML5 UI concepts?
How do I find a balance between simplicity and customization when designing apps?
How do I answer the question "how do you design..." in interviews?
What are some examples of great dedication and commitment?
Why is the Quora interface clunky and frustrating to use?
Aren't all visual interfaces, graphical user interfaces?
Why do most of the government sites in India have bad user interface?
How effective is maintaining a dribbble profile for generating client leads if you're a freelance mobile UI designer?
Did you like the new design of guuby.com?
As someone looking for a career in UX design, what classes and/or university majors should you be looking at? Also, I already have a bachelor's degree in Advertising and Graphic Deaign.
Why can't I see the mouse cursor on Windows 8?
I have a graduate degree in journalism and no background in design. Would I still be able to pursue higher learning in information architecture, user experience, user design? What are some courses to pursue in India or abroad?
How did you get your start in the FUI (fictional user interface) industry?
How do I use the swipe gesture in an Android by swiping from one activity to another?
We are reskinning our website for college applicants. What modifications will you suggest to the following layout?
Is it the case that only people who have experience in UX can enter the field?
Google's Alexa Rank is #1. Will the credit goe to Larry Page or Google employees?
What do you prefer when designing digital experiences/user interfaces: Sketch, Illustrator or Photoshop?
Why do most startups not care much about the UI/UX part and spend most of their time on copying others' products and features?
Are there some good Android UI frameworks?
What CSS do I add to make the "a:hover {background}" of each of my drop down navigation menu options span the width of the drop down menu?
How can I make myself competitive for an internship at Apple or Google doing industrial design or something in UI/UX design?
What's an example of a very good app with a very poor UI?
I want to create an Android application with a nice interface. How do I go about it?
Are UX and UI the next big thing in Singapore?
How do I make a kick ass UI for Android?
How does the role of lead/principle UX differ from director of UX?
What salary should I expect in Pune after working 3 years as a web UI designer in a small company with a current CTC of 2lac per annum?
How do I make the OneNote interface look like Evernote? Do you think that the OneNote interface is ugly?
What is the best strategy for creating an appealing resume for entry-level UX jobs without having direct UX experience?
User Interfaces: How should an EE/CS engineer with no drawing background learn about UI/UX design?
On average, what is the biggest mistake UXers make while working on digital products?
How can I improve layout design skills as a UI designer?
How do I fix my drop down menu?
What is user experience (UX) and user interface (UI) design?
How is the Emotion UI of Huawei?
Does a background in UX give more or less credibility to someone applying for a product management role?
What Boston based UX companies are thought leaders in the space, or that just have good UX with their offerings? And why?
What would be a recommended process to redesign the UX of an enterprise application? What is recommended when there is zero scope for user research and stakeholder interviews due to the highly confidential nature of the business?
What notebook and pen do you use for UI sketches?
Why is Microsoft's software interface so bad?
Why is mobile responsive design in demand?
Are there too many UX designers in Singapore?
I'm working on a prototype for a physical product. The goal is to find a more convenient alternative to pen and paper for sketching UI ideas. Would something like this help you design your app ideas?
What kind of user interface research went into Google's Material UI design principles?
Why should an app upgrade to the latest UI trend or version?
Who, as an individual, should be credited with the term "User Experience"?
I am a first year design student aspiring to take up either visual communication or user interface design in the future. What can I do for now to improve my creativity and design skills?
Is crowdsourcing the best 'bang for your buck' for an app UI or is it better to hire just one quality designer from Indonesia for half of the price?
Why is Google's homepage not designed to be responsive?
What are some nice mobile UI websites?
What are the major differences in automation/human-computer interaction theory across these three applications: military/aerospace, industrial, and information systems?
What are the best Java external UI libraries?
How do I do the following drag and move feature in HTML 5 or JS, or in any other freeware or open source software?
What are some good typefaces and UI guidelines for a website on dyslexics?
What is the best course to study in Singapore if I want to be a UX Designer?
How much do you know about UI? What do you think of your user experience when using some product like an app or an electronic?
What is the best institute to do a UI/UX expert training course in Vizag?
How can I realize the squared divs responsive with a 1:1 ratio in the responsive?
Who are some great mobile UI/UX designers that can work with a $3k budget?
Can you explain to me what UI and UX is? What types of people generally go for this career path? Are web developers familiar with UI and UX?
My two biggest passions are animals (dogs, lions, tigers, etc.) and UI/UX design. How can I combine these two to do fun projects (especially ones I can monetize)?
What are important and simple things to creating an UI/UX for website?
How can I make a swipe left/right smoother and faster without refreshing every time I need one value from the SQL database (aka Tinder swipe)?
Is the Leap Motion controller worth buying?
How do I sell a website design to a company?
Which Android app has the most innovative UI?
What are the best European UI/UX schools?
Is there a platform (web/app) that brings real live UX case studies together from aspiring/experienced UXers and agencies that I could learn from?
What are the other educational technology career opportunities outside of K-12 school systems and higher education institutions settings?
What is it that is missing in UX driven inspiration sites/apps (e.g. The UX Archive)? Is it too focused on images and not real live cases? Are you also getting inspired by reading processes instead of looking at images?
How do I implement the icons I have designed?
Which quality is more important to a UI designer? What important ability should a UI designer have?
What is a way to create a smooth user interface desktop application?
For a UI designer or a mobile designer, is a Mac necessary? If yes, which model?
Why are so many UX/UI designers moving to Singapore?
How can a designer measure how beautiful an interface is?
Why does the TripAdvisor interface seem so unattractive?
What are some good front end design (UI/UX, etc) books for Android apps, websites, and games?
How can usability findings from a typical study with 5 users be generalized to apply to the target user population if random sampling cannot be achieved?
What is a development platform? Does UX and UI have an impact on the development platform?
Which software products or web applications need to be reinvented because of the lack of features or bad UI?
Why is the Squarespace blogger so woefully inept, cumbersome, buggy, and totally unconventional in its UI/UX?
Which web-based MIS/ERP has a good UI/UX design?
Do front-end developers (i.e. in website design, UI/UX) need to have knowledge in coding or not necessarily?
How do I build the user interface for a Leap Motion application using Java?
Android vs. iOS, which is best in terms of user friendliness, UI, customization, and optimization?
What are the most common issues with mobile app interface designs?
Where can I find good mobile UI/UX designers?
LinkedIn changed its user interface today. Which one's better and why?
Why doesn't my drop down menu work properly?
Why do most mobile companies customize the Android UI?
Is it possible to always show the time on my Fitbit Charge display?
