Have you tried using an investment strategy that capitalizes on hype?
What are the VC funds that have the best connection with USA mobile service providers (T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon etc.)?
What are the best ideas for a startup in Germany in 2017 with just a 10.000 Euro investment?
Are handouts necessary at an investor pitch meeting?
Is EOQ rounded up or down? Is there a specific rule?
Why did Petsmart acquire Chewy for $3.35B?
Is a 2-year vesting cliff common for start-up employee stock options?
Who are the most active investors in Luxembourg based start-ups?
How can I submit applications to Google Ventures & Microsoft Ventures to raise funds?
If you are a pre-revenue startup with an alpha product and a couple of users doing testing, what is the data/financials investors want to see at this stage?
How do I raise funds for a startup through venture capital in India?
Are there any venture capital funded web accessibility projects?
How would the economy be impacted if Warren Buffett decided to go into venture capital?
Do you support the continued existence of and full funding for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
How long will it take VC to reply to emails?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can I raise funds for myself to build a house?
Is Fred Wilson right that the ICOs may disrupt the VC?
What are the highest technology exit multiples in the last 3 years?
Are there any sites where startup investors are reviewed?
What are the websites that can fund my start up?
How can a social entrepreneur raise funds through Bitcoin?
I am in Nigeria. How do I get funding for my startup from an investor anywhere in the world?
What are the best books written on the Consumer Internet?
Why do some of those who raise VC funding spend it in such an irresponsible way?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
Which steps should I follow to raise my TOEIC points from 500 to 900?
Will angel investors automatically be turned off of funding a startup with no traction or prior funding?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
Who are the best angel and seed stage investors in social tech?
What do advisors deserve in equity helping a startup raise funds and increase sales?
What questions are seed-stage investors asking when startup entrepreneurs come to them for funding?
How beneficial would it be to go to a coding bootcamp if I wanted to work in venture capital?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
Can I raise multiple safe instruments (or crowd safe) at the same time?
How can I identify a good angel investor?
How do startups raise a lot of funding?
How does VC compare, in ROI terms, to other investment sectors, such as private equity, commercial property, and listed companies in a country, say the USA or UK?
What are the general startup pre-series A investment and the fund spending distribution?
How does a company like DeepMind, with no revenue or upcoming product, raise so much money?
How can I raise funds for constructing a rescue centre for pregnant girls?
Is the due diligence a phase of investment/aquisition a nervous time for founders?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
How and where can I find an angel investor who can also provide seed investment for a new startup?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
I am seeking $187,000 as an investment or credit line. What should the investor's ROI be? What should the cap be on the return on investment be?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
What software is recommended to use to create a venture capital pitch deck?
Can equity crowdfunding platforms disrupt traditional venture capital and angel investing?
What startup accelerators, incubators, and investors (VCs and angels) focus on mining tech and/or natural resources?
Are there significant differences between NYC angel investors and those in Silicon Valley, in terms of what they want in a pre-revenue pitch/plan?
What is the best way to get in front of angel investors?
What percentage of your company should you offer to seed investors and how do you determine the price?
What are some ways for a new angel investor to find a mentor?
Can an architect seek VC funding?
Do venture capital firms typically drug test interns?
What type of biotech companies has Google Ventures been focused on?
Can Canadians invest in US early start ups as non-accredited investors?
Should I accumulate Indiabulls Ventures on dips?
Would the cab fight get more fierce globally with Didi's $5.5b fund raise?
Why does the G3i Ventures LLC website look so bad?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
What are some good channels for angel investors to find potential investments?
Why aren't limited partners involved in the management of startups, according to venture capital?
How much in funds was raised by Coldplay in India?
What is the funding limit reconciliation in PMP?
Has VC investment going down in India?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
How do security bonds work for venture capital funding?
What is the difference between specific partnership and joint venture?
What are the requirements to start a venture capital in Hong Kong or Singapore, and what are the tax implications?
Netflix is raising another 1 billion in debt financing to pay for originals. Where does the money come from?
What are the best websites to find companies that need funding?
May 2017 - What does it take for a post-revenue startup to raise around $2–3M?
Would it help me to land a VC job if I start investing in public tech stocks?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
Can Angel Investment be having agency problems?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
Would Warren Buffet make a good venture capitalist?
Can a venture capital fund partner/manager earn a management fee and subsequently a salary from two or more funds?
What is a list of things to do step-by-step for a new startup? How can you get funding?
Can you come to Parma (Italy) to evaluate an investment if I demonstrate to you with an email the potentiality of my startup?
What should an investor look for in an ICO to determine whether he should invest or not?
What are some datasets related to venture capital?
Which are some fund raising companies for India?
Does Nassim Taleb invest in VC or early-stage startups?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
Has anyone ever invested in a company that got turned down by Shark Tank? I know Richard Branson invested in Doorbot (now called Ring) and it became successful (earning $70 million, yet it only got a $7 million evaluation on Shark Tank.) Are there any others?
What is the funding issue with the NETELLER service?
What are documents investors require from their invested startups on a daily/weekly/monthly basis?
What are some unknown but amazing business models?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
How do I raise money for medical expenses?
Which is more profitable and time-worthy: hedge funds or venture capital funds? Do I need to have a business degree to do it?
Why doesn't Luxembourg have a tax incentive scheme for seed investments in startups, such as EIS and SEIS in the UK?
How did Ben Hockett help Cornwall Capital get an ISDA?
Why did Andreessen Horowitz invest in blockchain startups like OpenBazaar?
What would you say about a startup with 80 investors?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
What were the most important things on which you spent your startup capital?
Where can I learn more about Bill Maris’s Section 32 venture capital fund?
How much does a job pay in an impact investment organisation?
How do I get an investor to invest in family karaoke?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
How do I respond to an email from a VC who's interested in my startup and tell them I am busy now?
How can a chartered accountant venture into the construction business?
Why do most angel investors/venture capital/ financial institutions believe investing in technology based start-ups is the only way forward? All we need is an investor who would express a little faith and will ever be glad he did.
How do I get a job with a private firm?
How has the VC firm Social+Capital fared since its inception?
What type of business would require little experience or startup investment and allow you to learn the fundamentals that are valuable for later ventures?
What is the furthest venture round so far?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
How much time does it take to raise a pre-seed/seed round from angels in Silicon Valley?
Who does business valuations and what are the basis for such valuations?
When venture capitalists invested in the wildly successful tech companies of today, did they anticipate that level of success?
Shall I let my prospective investors know how much my competitor has raised and their valuation?
Are venture capitalists dying for a good deal as much as enthusiastic entrepreneurs are dying for funding?
How do the mechanics of equity work if you raised money from more than 1 investor in terms of the percentage of ownership each gets?
Can a D.C. law firm co-owned by a non-lawyer raise capital by selling off shares or offering promissory notes to investors?
Should a startup with a smaller, niche, market raise a VC round?
What are the basic requirements for getting seed funding?
Which VC funds have raised the most funds in total?
Are there angel investors that invest in 3rd world startups? What’s the best way to contact them?
What is it like to work at Vishawish Ventures?
Does startup portfoilo investing really follow a J curve?
What is PitchBook?
What is the best way to network with VC's in London UK fast?
How do I approach accredited institutional investors with a private placement memo?
Can I get angel funding and later not raise a further round of funding to retain ownership?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
Does GV still have Uber equity?
How can you get VCs to fund your high end fashion line for kids?
In funding, what is the difference between angel capital and private equity capital?
What is the preferred series A fundraising amount for a startup business?
Does a VC like Google Ventures ever loose ownership of a venture? If so, when?
Is Barrage Capital a good investment?
Where and how can I find an angel investor for my startup IT?
How do I build a $100-million company?
How does a startup create an Option Pool prior an Angel investment?
Assuming I personally created an MVP of my idea, does me being a single founder help or hinder angel investors funding my early stage startup?
Where does Antifa get its funding, and who runs it?
How do VCs view Masayoshi Son's $100 billion vision fund?
If you were a US based businessman, would you have invested in India? Why or why not?
Would a full-stack programmer be interested in a bootstrapped business with institutional clients lined up or do they prefer a VC-backed startup?
What discount is considered typical for an uncapped convertible note?
Where can we raise funds for a laundry based startup?
How did you get funding in the early stages of founding Wikipedia?
How would you explain VCs and Silicon Valley to someone who knew absolutely nothing about them?
Which school offers better entrepreneurship resources, Harvard or MIT?
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
Who is Reach Capital?
What is your view on displays saying "buy local to avoid CEO’s buying a 3rd house and allow locals to put food on the table"?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
How do I ask a strategic partner for funding?
What's been your most successful investment to date?
Which are the best venture capital and private equity law firms in Nigeria?
Beside the Business Model, what else is Gordon Miller's interest in startup he invest in?
How easy is it to get VC funding in San Francisco?
How does a new, entry level associate source deals?
How do you get a VC to invest in your project?
I emailed my Pitch Deck to a VC and didn't get any response. What should I do to get his attention?
What should a fair/typical medical device royalty rate be from an early stage university technology?
Why did Chevrolet stop making the venture?
How is venture debt in a capital structure perceived by VCs?
What do you say in an email to a VC when trying to get them to hear your pitch raising money?
How do you really feel about the support VCs provide you post-investment?
Did Unilad ever received VC money?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
How do Snapchat's employees feel about Evan Spiegel's first earnings call and its aftermath?
Should I approach an angel investor or a VC with an idea, which already exists on the market?
What is the best CRM for venture/seed capital firms to manage dealflow that integrates with salesforce?
How many universities have venture capital funds in Tamil Nadu?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
What are the best early-stage (pre-seed) investors in Middle East?
Why is it important for tech companies to invest in speed and performance early?
Can US-based startups raise money from a BVI-based fund?
If a company gets listed in stock market to raise funds for business, how much funds can it get and how many shares can it offer?
How did Quora manage to spend $80 million in just three years?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
What is the best way to submit an idea to VC firms?
How do the liquidation preferences of SAFEs vs Notes operate in practice?
What do you say in a solicited pitch to a VC?
Does it still make sense for a US commercial bank to form a joint venture (JV) in China?
What are the schemes for youths by government of India to start own venture?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
How do I fund my startup?
What do venture capitalists think of fresh graduates seeking funding?
What should I do to get money with less capital?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
How does Ambani raise funds?
Are there any angel investors who invest in startups in India?
In private equity and venture capital, is dry powder the difference between committed capital and paid in capital?
Where can one find angel investors that can fund a business of $500k startup that guarantees 100% safety of capital and also high ROI for a very long time?
What do companies normally do with the money they make?
What do we guarantee for the investors of a venture capital firm?
I am in south Florida making a pitch for an angel round of funding. I have an MVP and clients already. Where can I find another CEO going through the same thing?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
Can capital appreciation be predicted?
How does a new project with lower cost of capital impact existing weighed average cost of capital?
Can I attain funding for my app if I have 1000s of users and companies on my email list awaiting the launch?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
Is it true that NITians have more trouble getting funding for their ventures than IITians?
How does the venture capitalist and business angel community look like?
How much money can a company raise through an IPO in India?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
What are ways angel investors can make a return on their investment if a company doesn't sell or go public?
How can I calculate a share’s due amount, when the allotment was made on a pro rata basis?
How do I get investors to partner with me for a tech startup in Nigeria?
What does a working day look like in a venture capital firm?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
Where do I find a broker who specializes in obtaining equity investments for new business ventures?
Can individuals participate in a joint venture agreement?
How much funding has Qriyo raised?
Are there angel investors, and how could one reach them?
How do small businesses manage working capital and raise funds for expansion?
How does SoftBank raise money?
How should you present your company to a VC for a seed round?
How important is staging to venture capitalists? Would you encourage investors to stage their financing of startups?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
How do you properly evaluate your company for investors?
My company grew from 2 to 12M in revenue and we need to raise more money. I’m 24 and very shy. How can I find good investors?
According to investors, what is "the new gasoline"?
What are the stages of investment transaction?
Do early stage startups really need a brand?
What are the names of some big investors who invest in India through tax havens?
In what ways are venture capitalists losing their heads and going crazy?
What are Y Combinator's weaknesses?
Do VCs and Angels really care about GAAP compliant financials?
What factors are taken into consideration before a company makes an ICO?
How many living VCs are there?
Is there a "unicorn map" for follow-on offering?
How can I arise fund to start up a electric car project?
Which are the venture capitalist firms invest in FMCG sector in India?
What are the downsides of being a VC?
Which venture capital firms have internships in Mumbai?
What is the criteria for a VC when seed funding a startup?
How does equity crowdfunding compare to VC?
Where can I find a venture capital or startup accelerator for semiconductor startups?
What is the VC funded start ups salary range?
Should I engage in quick money business ventures?
What can replace venture capital in real estate in the near future?
What are the crowdfunding/fundraising sites that allows Bangladeshi people to raise funds?
How do you find a graphic artist who would be interested in a long-term joint venture?
What is the surest business a university student can venture in with a token amount?
How is an IE Business School International MBA for getting into the startup and venture capital industry?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
What's the nicest way to tell an investor that you don't want them to invest in your startup?
What is the typical compensation for a strategy analyst at a VC funded startup?
I am looking for funding for my Tech company & want to meet investors in Dubai or Singapore for a month. Which city has more potential investors?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
Could Silicon Valley have grown as it did without venture capital?
I am currently a high school student that started a business. I am seeking a venture capital investment. Are there any VC's that invest with teens?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
Avenue Supermarts raised Rs. 1,870 crores via the recent IPO. Why is the equity share capital of the company 3,200 crore, as listed in their recent quarterly results?
How can I model VC fund returns in an Excel spreadsheet?
When you raise capital from an angel or VC company, how is that money taxed? Or is it?
How many venture capitalists are in Pune?
How did startups like Snapchat pitch to investors with no revenue in sight?
Is Alphabet's CEO's huge salary really worth it? Isn't 20 million in stocks a little much?
What is capital augmenting?
Does investment in the GDP equation refer to investment in new capital or measured investment?
What are the different ways to enter venture capitalism?
Did Peter Thiel originate the notion that successful startups and VCs have to correctly identify good ideas that most would simply dismiss as bad?
What Benchmark-funded companies have gone public?
Where is the best place to find angel investors for a service based startup?
Someone asked me for $1,000 for a investor-ready pitch deck. Is it worth the money?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
Is there any free venture capital database similar to Crunchbase?
Should I approach VCs to get funding, or is it a waste of time?
How hard is it for a person on an H1-B or any other temporary work or study visa to start his own company and raise capital from US-based investors?
What do I need to be careful about when looking for my first round of funding from VCs?
How can I attract fund for option portfolio with track record as a retail investor in Singapore?
What are VCs?
How do people view Brook Venture Partners?
How do I start a venture capital firm in Pakistan?
How did the venture capital ecosystem first develop in Israel? What did the government do to kick off & boost the ecosystem?
What is the best competitive advantage of Venture Intelligence in comparison with Pitchbook or CB Insights?
Does anyone find that angel investors/VC firms look negatively upon women founders, who have their fathers as the sole investor in their venture?
I’m 50 years old, and I’m thinking of venturing in a startup just now. Am I too old for it?
A company will pay to set up my fund if I can find a cornerstone investor. Where do I look?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
We are a tech company with over $150K monthly revenue and people are telling us to seek for funding, but we don't want that, are we right?
What's a typical day like for someone working on the financial due diligence team of any Big 4 firm?
What kind of venture capitalists have supported the tech-companies in Israel? Were they Israeli VCs?
Is the due diligence phase of investment/aquisition a nervous time for founders?
What do you say in an email introducing your company to a VC when raising funds?
How do I get really good at interviewing VP and above candidates face to face for sales and marketing roles in technology companies?
How different is an banking/ PE-oriented CV from a venture capital CV?
What is the difference between angel capital and venture capital?
What are the benefits of raising a Series A funding round with Andreessen Horowitz compared to other VC firms?
How do VCs and business angels look for people on LinkedIn?
What is the MSVC editor?
Which is better for raising capital, a publicly held company or a privately held company?
When there is a debit balance in a partner's capital a/c, then why is interest on capital not allowed?
Should I start my own venture capital firm?
Who is the best SaaS partner at Benchmark Capital?
Can I sell more than 50 percent of shares of my company to raise funds?
Do you think we have reached the end of a cycle in tech and venture capital (April 2017)? If so, what companies would survive a coming crash?
Why has YourQuote not found investors yet?
Where do venture capitalists source deals?
How is the IRB InvIT fund IPO?
Do investors fund startups outside of their own country? If so, do they require a face to face before closing the deal?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
What is the difference between Angel investors, venture capitalists and Silent Partner Investors?
Do I use an investor, crowdfund, or try to sell the license rights for a new product idea?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
What is the average seed round valuation in 2016 in London?
How do I find comparable companies for comparative valuation of a company that operates in more than 1 sector?
What are some investments that can cause the investor to lose more than what he invested?
Do investors like to fund on a patent to develop a prototype?
What are market commissions on fundraising? What are market commissions on equity raising? And what are market commissions on debt raising?
Is Goldman Sachs doing venture capital?
How and where can I make a working smartphone prototype to present in front of VC's?
How and where can I find angel investors who can also provide me seed investment in Mumbai for my startup?
What knowledge should I acquire to work in a venture Capital?
How can I raise money to buy a bank in Africa?
What are some funds/investors looking to invest in the wellness (tech/app) space for startups geographically based out of India?
Why is it that venture capitalists fund only IITian/NITian-started startups?
What's the difference between a venture capital company and a holding company?
What are the appropriate projects for small capital entrepreneurship?
How can I raise funds for a summer party?
How did "Team Indus" manage to raise capital to participate in Google Lunar XPRIZE?
Is it required to have a college degree to obtain venture capital funds for my startup?
Who are the active seed stage investors in Bangalore?
How much does eShares cost to use?
Should I (H1-B visa in USA) master my interview preparation (as it would help me find a job soon if my startup idea fails) or should I jump on my startup idea first?
How can I be a VC investor?
Where can I find information on how to provide equity to crowdfunding investors?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
How do I convince my interested investors to fund as soon as possible?
Who are the top healthcare VCs/Angels?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
What all documents are required for a PAN application of a joint venture of a 2-partner firm?
What do venture capitalist look for in a medical devices startup?
How did porn companies get the capital to startup?
What do I show to investors to get funding and how do I get them?
Is there a Quorian investor out there who can fund my business in India, as I heard there are many millionaires here?
What are some startups which would be unique and helpful?
What are sources of funds?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
What are the early stage funds, angel funds, and accelerators that are active in the EdTech space in India?
How can I invest in a friend's company and reserve a percent of his company?
Can I start a VC firm if I am not an HNWI?
What are the types of fund administration items that we can do internally? What systems/processes do you/would you use? We are opening a real estate fund.
Should we raise funds from investors for our SaaS startup?
Why would a firm not use its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to evaluate all proposed investments?
How do you make a robo-investor?
Will DAOs and ICOs on Ethereum replace the current business formation and IPO system?
How much funding does Waymo have?
Which investors have funded Amazon so far right from its inception?
What are other alternatives for raising funding for a startup?
What are the best points to cover in a VC elevator pitch?
What online tools VCs use to carry out the due diligence of a typical Mobile App based consumer internet company?
Are there VCFs or angel investors that would invest in a business where it is unlikely for them to get a 10x return? Or would almost every investor likely need to see that potential?
Is asking for $155,000 from an angel investor too much or too little?
Is porn just another capitalistic venture for Quora, or was this a trap sent by the government/intelligence community ?
Are there equity crowdfunding platforms that focus on early stage startups (idea, pre-product, pre-market stages, etc.)?
What are interesting fellowships in the Bay Area that could act as a break in your career?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
How does Gordon Miller calculate 6B in value created even though his webpage says only 100m?
Why do venture capitalists invest in companies which are in completely in the red and the business model is difficult to get the company in black in the near future?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
I recently got $10 million in seed funding, how should I set up my startup?
Will lower valuation help to lower the liquidation preferences of the investor?
I have a game in beta, what are reasonable terms to take in investors?
What are some interesting problems in finance, real estate or private equity that I should spend a year trying to solve with technology?
What are the differences between a Venture Builder and VCs?
What is the best deal to make with an investor? It’s for a social media startup that has an app built but no funding. Investors are interested.
What courses should someone interested in being the head of a investment firm take?
How can I found investors?
Can a tech startup survive without getting investors?
Which angel investors look at pre-seed deals?
When one VC goes into due diligence on your startup, is it cool to tell other potential investors with the intention of advancing conversations?
Does an MLA get a house in the capital?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
How do firms conduct due diligence for impact investments?
What are the advantages of taking venture debt instead of venture capital?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What are some of the top venture capital funds active in the shipping and logistics space?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
What are KRA's of a valuation engineer?
How do I find investors for a business venture?
Is it necessary that partners at VC attend everyday the firm to monitor day-to-day work?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
How do you gain traction and $6M VC funding for your multi-sided platform startup?
How do you see the last 10 years of startups in India? A rise of entrepreneurship, or a supply flood due to demand created by VCs?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
Do Gordon Miller and Ali both have a venture capital firm?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
Does my Amazon-/VC-praised work portend the disruption of LinkedIn?
What are the economics of a seed fund?
Isn't the concept of angel investor and loans the same?
What is the use of IRR?
When evaluating a company and looking to invest, what are the main factors VCs look at? I.e., what makes a good investment?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Are there any Angel Investors who invest in non-tech seed stage startups?
If you suddenly lost your job but had $5000 to spend in a new venture/project/career, what would you do for maximum returns?
What is the main benefit of early raising?
How do VCs monetize investments that neither fail nor sell/IPO?
At what valuation did Quora raise their $85M Series D?
If I were to start a tech platform for startups to list themselves and investors could evaluate them, would it work?
How do I cure a lipoma in the early stages?
How do venture capitalists generate themes and ideas for things to invest in?
What are the minimum and maximum requirements for a founding team to apply for the 500 Startups seed program and the Series A program?
What are the top 10 ranking team sports, in terms of marketing revenue, player earnings, and federation valuation?
Who are the top VCs/Angels for SaaS in healthcare?
How can I make my pitch to VCs when I don't know any personally?
How do I find an investor for a VFX startup studio located in India?
Why do the major VCs (Marc Andreessen, Peter Thiel, etc.) seem to really like Balaji Srinivasan?
How would you go about raising GDP in Nicaragua?
How much should be invested in a hatchery?
I've theorized a model for an investment security, how do I market it to investors?
How much equity does the general counsel have in a VC firm (average)?
Why is a joint venture considered to be the easiest way to enter into the foreign market?
What are some small PE firms that buy-out early investors in a growth business?
How can I approach investors for funding for a clothing business?
What name do you prefer for a venture capital company focused on investing in the next era of startups, Wave 5 Ventures or Gen 4 Ventures?
Are there any angel investors or venture capitalists in Vadodara?
How important is it for early stage startups to have “smart money” on the cap table?
What is the best way to approach a VC for a seed round?
What do the growth rates of high-growth fintech companies look like in the early years?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
What advice would you give to someone who is interviewing for a fellowship at a VC?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
Why don't more anthropologists study venture capital?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
Does a VC firm's location matter?
How can I raise funding for my startup (based on manure)?
How can I get funding for my startup (waste-manure conversion)?
How do I build a startup without a venture capital?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How can someone raise funds for an airline business?
How will my seed investors react to an exit that yields them a 3-4x return?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
What is capital revenue ?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
Who are some venture capitalists that fund disability related companies/projects?
Can an angel investor’s equity be bought out?
Do raising seed funds from an angel investor automatically get the media to talk about it?
What impact will SoftBank's $100B Vision Fund have on the venture capital industry in the US?
Why did you start angel investing?
How is the return on investment for a VC fund linked with public stock markets?
For my startup, how much of a stake should I be prepared to give to an angel investor and a VC?
Is the payback period one of the factors an investor looks into before deciding to invest?
Which impact investment group or venture philanthropist is recommended, and why?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
What are the potential pitfalls of starting a venture capital firm in a developing country with an unstable currency?
Why does every startup in Silicon Valley want to raise VC funds and not Bootstrap?
How do Israeli startups fund themselves given the limited budget of their own country?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
If investors fund my start up, do I pay taxes on my funds or salary I pay myself and employees?
Which WordPress based startups have been succesfully funded by VCs?
What are the pros and cons of self-funded startups?
Where do I get investors for my managed fund?
Would you like to see more investor education for equity/regulation crowdfunding?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
Are there brokers or professionals that can assist me with raising capital for my company? If so, who are they and how much do they charge?
Which business owners are good to follow on Quora? I follow a few angel investors, but I'm looking for business insights, not how to find investors.
What is 'carry' in venture capital?
Do VC's ask for collateral?
Is financial planning a profitable business to venture into as an entrepreneur?
What is the general startup pre-series A spending distribution should be?
How can I raise funds for a summer course?
With my experience, how can I get into venture capital?
Why are capitalism and globalization so criticized?
What are the implications of hedge funds buying large positions in Snap's stock (May 2017)?
I am starting a private fund to invest in startups, what literature can I read in order to "know what I don't know"?
What was the valuation of Sprig during its $45M Series b?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
If a private equity firm is investing in a company from their balance sheet instead of their fund, how can you interpret why they're doing that?
Where can I find a list of funded startups in Bangalore?
What are the career opportunities for a finance undergraduate considering Quantitative Finance (MFE)?
What stage of the investment cycle are the U.S capital markets?
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
Venture Capitalists: The business plan in Cryptonomicon is a hoot. Are plans actually presented from this template?
What are some characteristics of a complex capital structure?
Is tomato production a profiting venture?
What is the best way to find a credit card processing Tech Support joint venture partner?
Being a third year engineering student, how can I get an internship at a VC firm in India for the summers of 2017?
If the founders have equal equity, how does the dilution happen during funding?
Why would you still start a startup that has many competitors but only one or two are heavily-funded?
If you see funds to make you rich in life, will you receive the funds?
Which investments had the best capital growth during the housing boom between November 2001–December 2007?
How can I find financers to fund my capital projects?
How can I automate double-opt in introductions?
How do top value investment funds conduct due diligence?
Besides Chris Sacca, have any top VCs closed their firms at the peak of their success?
How do I raise funds through VC or angle investors?
A friend of mine is going to the pre-money valuation of his startup. Is he right in including his forgone salary in the valuation?
What are the main reasons for dry powder to increase?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
What do angel investors and venture capitalists look in an entrepreneur which favours investing?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
What are the investment firms in India?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
How do I join an angel investor group?
What does a VC business plan look like with regards to cash flows?
What is Waymo's cap table like?
How do I raise capital for a one megawatt power generator that is greener, lighter, more portable and uses up to 30% less fuel input?
Why don't investors fund more movies?
Which VC supports universities and schools?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
What is a VC in business?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
Can an HF make billions when it is successful, regardless of where the firm is, or does it have to be in a specific location?
How does nationalization of firms work?
How can I get investors to take me seriously?
Do the VCs have interest in small budget regional movies in India or are they only looking at the IT software companies to invest?
What went wrong with Rocket Internet?
How much equity should I offer to an angel investor that I am only bringing in for name recognition?
If the capital of one partner is not sufficient to observe their share of a loss, what do we call it?
Where can I find venture capitals or angel investors in Dubai?
How common are hurdle rates for VC funds?
What do you want to tell about your new venture regarding news portal?
How likely is it to obtain a $500K for 5% startup investment for a startup with no sales?
Are there any robotic challenges where design is considered as the first round of qualification and funding is provided to carry out the same?
How much funding has Lob.com raised?
How many venture partners should a micro VC fund have or is there any limit?
Why do investors lose money even when most experts like Buffet and other successful investors openly cast opinions?
How can I get an investor for my new 10+2 school project?
Did Charles Hayter get funding or partners for CryptoCompare?
How difficult is it to become a VC or PE analyst/associate without prior IB/consulting experience?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
If I want to startup an enterprise dealing with micro-loans, at what stage should I go raise seed financing?
Can we approach the incubators for funding when we only have the idea and the method of operation of our startup?
Can we approach incubators for funding when we only have just the idea and the method of operation for our startup?
Is there an email marketing tool that supports double opt-in introductions?
Where do VC's hang out online?
What are my odds of raising $5mm capital for a FinTech start-up in the US market?
How important is it for an angel investor to look for opportunities to promote diversity and social consciousness within their portfolio?
What is the year-to-year trend of venture capital investment per capita in the U.S. for the past 50 years?
Where does Antics get its funding, and who runs it?
If the financial plan of my startup does not show any significant sales for the first 12-18 months, how can I get funding for it?
If you were a VC or an angel investor for Quora, what salary would you have let the CEO take from year one?
What is the best deal to make with investors? Social media start-up. App is built. Investors are interested. Start-up has no funding yet.
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
What are the differences among venture capital firms, private equity firms and hedge funds in their ways of operation?
How can I raise funds for my association?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are the benefit of outdoor venture?
Should I approach a venture capitalist for £500k if I envision the business being worth five million in five years?
What are the things that startup investors look for, before investing?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
Do investors frown upon pre-MVP / post Series A startups outsourcong some of their tech development?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What are the best VC's firms to approach for funding?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
I have just stumbled upon a web directory of a VC website's upload folder with a lot of private documents. What should I do?
What is the VC follow up email?
Is it normal to be issued a common stock based on the converted cap price instead of the 409A valuation?
How often should you update the risk factors investor document for an open funding round?
How can I find VCs or angels interested in consumer credit startups?
How would you write to an investor to convince them to give you money?
What do series A, series B and series C rounds of funding mean and on what basis are these chosen?
How do I contact a venture capitalist for startup funding?
Is a detailed capital allocation plan in an investor presentation necessary?
Where can I get access to venture capital professional networks and access to venture capital CFOs and professionals other than on LinkedIn?
What is G3i Ventures LLC?
Who are the active angel investors in India? How do I contact them, and how much can an entrepreneur expect an angel investor to invest?
Should I let my competitor invest in my company?
Who are the investors in Juicero? Are they experienced investors in the Nutrition Startup arena?
What lessons can be learned from the Juicero debacle?
How do I find angel investors in India?
What is union.VC?
Is there an agree upon definition of capitalism? Or does everyone asking and answering questions regarding capitalism have to define it?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
What should I include in a 5 minute pitch to seed investors?
Will Sequoia Capital get paid back out of cash on hand as Yik Yak is shutdown?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
How do I raise capital to start business?
How is a private investment firm different from a VC firm?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
How do you get an angel investor to invest in only 2 weeks or less?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
What benefit (besides happy employees) is there to issuing an all-employee option pool from a Series A before a Series B? What's the downside (besides founder dilution)?
What do you say to a VC when you have already invested 1 million of your own and want their investment?
Is it true that fundraising from venture capitalists dilutes founders' stock, while fundraising from an IPO doesn't?
How exactly do venture capital firms have tons of money to throw around?
What are the criteria which VCs look for when funding a startup, e.g., how many users?
Have you ever heard of a convertible note with no interest or maturity date?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
Which name do you prefer for a start-up VC company focused on the next generation of platform business models, Wave 5 Ventures or Gen 4 Ventures?
What option is more preferable to investors for startup convertible notes, multiples or discount?
What do venture capitalists in Silicon Valley think of startups in India's Silicon Valley (Bangalore)?
How should one invest in shares with a low level of capital?
What are strategies for getting on startup company Boards for investors with a minority stake?
Is a security bond needed for venture funding?
Should I build a cash cow startup to fund a bigger idea?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
Will a VC invest $35m in a startup? How much stake will they take?
If a VC invests $2m at $8m pre-money, i.e. 20% equity, what generally happens at exits below expectations, say $2m, $5m and $15m respectively after 5 years?
Is it fine to have read receipt when we email to prospective venture capitalists or investors?
What is the typical number of company investments an angel investor holds?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
How is the 20% carry of VC fund distributed between GP?
How can I get a VC analyst job at Point Nine Capital?
The buffer explained how things led to the departure of two of its key people. How did the investors feel about it, considering the "little exit"?
Who are the investors of Palantir Technologies?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
Is the Barrage Capital Fund a good investment?
Are there any websites in India which help with funding options and other services for the startups?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of capital flow?
What's Quora plan after receiving the latest funding of $85 mn?
Does the Lindy Effect apply to career decisions?
Does the VC pay for legal fees after term sheet is signed?
What is Taiwan's venture capital industry outlook?
Which investments had the best capital growth during the tech boom of 1991 – 2001?
What does the investor relation team in a company do?
Where can I find someone who can help me with introducing me to VCs on a commission basis?
What is your story of getting funding through Startup India?
If you are an Angel investor - how do you calculate your success rate?
What are capital structure weights?
How should one prepare to pitch at an accelerator (e.g. YC) interview vs VC pitches?
What questions does Venture Capital ask?
How can I find an investor to fund my invention?
How can a poor community raise money to fund projects?
In valuation, how do we estimate the terminal value of a company if we don't know when it is going to liquidate?
Should I invest in HelloMD (Series A)?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
More often than not we read & hear that startups closed seed funding, series A,B etc. Where do entrepreneur & investors meet?
Who do you recommend to be an angel investor in Israel?
How many customer interactions will a VC look to complete during the diligence phase of evaluating an A investment?
How do I raise capital to undergo a change of career inspired by vocational skills?
Can you invest in the US if you are not from the US?
How does VC works?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
Who decides the amount of authorised capital for any company?
Why does it seem racist that an investor is willing to invest anywhere except India and Africa?
After having built a fully operational platform (iOS, Android and Web), what's the best way to source the next round of funding (Angel or Venture)?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What are some ways to negotiate an exit as an angel investor?
What are the email addresses for healthcare domain investors as an angel or seed fund?
How important do venture capitalists and angel investors consider current sales to be, when investing in a new, patented, consumer product?
Who are the most well known investors and accelerators in the food technology space?
How can I ask for a VC firm that operates abroad for partnership to suggest deals in our country (I have a consulting firm)?
What is joint venture account?
What is your opinion on Indiabulls’ venture share?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
What is the best way to raise my co-investment?
What is the quickest way to get funding for my startup at a low interest rate?
What are the top 10 things VCs want to hear in an email pitch?
Is it appropriate to crowdfund money for college?
How does one get in front of actual investors to get funding for their startup?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Is it ethical to earn big money in healthcare (healthcare startup)?
Why do investors favour startups who burn more cash rather than those who generate cash early on?
How do I get in touch with a potential angel investor in the U.S.?
How does valuation work in series A funding?
How would you establish a discounted cash flow/valuation in a seed round?
When a VC invests in tranches based on milestones, is the equity given out the same way?
Which venture capital firms are interested in making blockchain investments?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
What are some pre-seed VC companies that invest in biotech companies?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
Why is Cloudera only seeking to raise $200 million from its IPO given its $4.1 billion valuation?
How do I connect with VC in India?
Which VC funds in India are interested in funding startup textile retail businesses?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
What are some best exit options a start up should include in a joint venture agreement?
What comes to mind when you hear the term "data-driven VC" or "data-driven venture capital investing"?
When is the right time to go for a funding round to not loose much stake in the company?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
What is the typical investment amount for an angel in a pre-series A startup?
Why does a firm use a hydraulics system for an oil-free screw compressor?
As an Angel investors or VC have you heard any interesting idea that could kill Airbnb model (not competitor websites)?
What approach might we take to value our company in preparation of raising capital?
Are there any venture capital firm conventions near Cincinnati?
How do I raise fund for a fundraiser?
What was the pre-money valuation of Talkwalker and KPI6? Where can I find such information?
Should I take pre-seed money for my startup in the idea stage? What are the liable implications for this company?
How is Aviral Bhatnagar finding the world of finance, especially VC and private equity?
Do venture capital firms allow CA students to do internship?
Why did Kavin Bharti Mittal raise funding in an IPO for "Hike," when his father is a billionaire?
How do I get venture investors to listen to my new business plan?
What are some lies VCs and Angel investors tell themselves?
Is it possible for someone with successful business experience but no college education to start their own venture capital or private equity firm?
Are there VCs in India willing to invest in artificial-intelligence-based startups, especially robotics?
In a partnership firm, why are drawings against capital debited to the partners’ capital account?
What are the best books on venture capital in 2017?
Which is better, crowdfunding or angel investors? I have 2 tech ideas/inventions, but I’m struggling to get them going. How do I get them ‘off the ground’?
Which VCs would be a better fit for a B2B company?
What is the best way to raise more capital for your business?
What are the strategies for marketing an educational excursions company in its early stages? Also, are there tips for creating emergency funds (6-12 months)?
Do you need an investment banker to raise capital?
How do I start a social venture capital firm?
Stock markets exist to raise capital for companies; is this capital raised only in the beginning when a company is listed or later too?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
What is the easiest crowd-equity site to raise money on?
Is there a Canadian living who has been awarded the VC?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
Can I get seed funding of 20 million?
How many companies in the world have raised $4 million or more in 2017?
What have you learned so far in venture capital?
How do I convince someone to fund my startup?
Can you get a VC investment from just an idea, or must you have a registered company?
Why would a Series A funded startup join a pitch competition?
What was the first venture of Gandhi?
Which Angel Investors or VCs are interested in education startups?
What does it take to start a venture capital fund?
Do angel investors invest in remote teams?
Are all investors limited partners? Can existing limited partners apply to become general partners?
What is your experience in raising money for a film project?
How many men awarded the VC are living?
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
Y combinator: should we join if we do not want to take further VC rounds?
Do you need a broker dealer to raise series rounds?
What little details do VCs find themselves noting down often?
How do you best protect yourself from a CVC takeover?
How should the funding strategy for a $5M+ run rate company that started out as a consulting business and moved into a platform play look like?
What are the best business ventures in India?
What do investors say about companies in their portfolio that aren't doing well when asked?
If today you were to enter the venture capital industry, would you go for software or life sciences?
What is meant by capital growth?
Does Jason Lemkin have a required ownership percentage like larger funds do?
As an early stage startup, how do you treat standard convertible debt ($90k) that hasn't converted into equity yet when filing C-Corp taxes in CA?
Which venture has the best ROI, a killer app or a killer book?
Are there any UK based VC or angel investors you can recommend?
How VCs would react to an entrepreneur pitching a two-phased growth strategy, where we solve different problems in each phase?
What stage is pre-revenue?
Where can I find out more about the crossroads church tech incubator in Cincinnati?
When raising money for a 5-million-dollar angel fund, what is the typical return to offer investors?
How do I raise money to get equipment for a prototype, and complete the process of starting the LLC, patents etc.?
How can I raise my value at my workplace?
What is the difference between Ordinary Resident and not- ordinary resident?
What should I include in a message to a VC I connected with in the past?
What are interesting topics for research in private equity and venture capital in the Middle East and North Africa?
How did Wag! raise $19M in funding when they are obviously doing such a bad job caring for the dogs on their app?
What do you enjoy about being an Angel investor?
What are the key challenges for financial technology companies active in compliance/regulation/kyc verticals?
How much growth potential does an analyst role at a VC firm have?
Is there an opportunity to help large companies establish corporate venture arms? What am I missing? How am I wrong?
Why would you not work in a VC fund?
Would you rather raise the very bare minimum or the maximum seed capital needed, and why?
Are there any angel investors who would invest in a photographer?
How do I find case studies on venture capitalist?
Is there a "gold standard" VC law firm for establishing a new fund in SEA? Looking for a Cooley equivalent in Singapore/Indonesia/Malaysia.
What is the name of the biggest venture capital firm?
What best describes an angel investor's ideal investment?
How impactful is Flipkart's latest fundraising round?
How does "Capital First" manage IT if it does not have its own technology centre?
What is the process of raising seed capital from investors?
How do HESH rounds differ from HE rounds?
Why are managers hesitant/reluctant to give a raise if it is not their money in the first place?
One of the world's biggest VCs liked my pitch. They want me to estimate hardware lease costs (we estimated purchases). How can I do that right?
How can I raise funds for an internship?
How can I market my humanitarian cause and raise money for it if I have no money?
Who are the most suitable investors in India for a medical 3D printing startup with proprietary software technology?
Can a minor become an angel investor?
How are the aims of an angel investor different from those of a venture capitalist?
Where can I find immediate investors from any country?
How common is it for an investor to fund a great novel?
What was the key trigger that got your seed round off the ground?
A startup asks $500k investment for 20% equity. What is the formula for calculating pre-money valuation?
How does a holding company raise funding?
Why do investors invest in startups? Can't they simply execute the same idea better?
What is the minimum reasonable amount of capital you should have to begin investing in startups?
How do I start a funding campaign without a leading investor?
What is the standard commission for capital raising?
Where can I find angel investors come mentors looking to invest in impact start ups?
How can one start his own investment bank/private equity/hedge fund finance firm in Canada?
Is there an angel investor who may be interested in funding an Indonesian start-up in the manufacture and export of products made from agricultural waste?
How do we calculate investment/profit ratio for partners and what happens when a third-party investor offers additional investment?
How do I write a self introduction for VC?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
How do companies raise funds?
Why is it too difficult for African start-up businesses to raise capital from abroad?
Can an investment company (NBFC) raise money through bonds for investment in equity?
Can a non-immigrant start a venture fund?
Where is a good place to find investors?
How can I find an investor who is willing to invest at his own risk?
Within audit/consulting companies, what is the name of their department dedicated to start-up, ventures, etc?
How can Bukalapak grow with little funding?
What is a contribution capital?
Can my fellow Quorans help me raise funds?
Which Silicon Valley venture funds focus on non Silicon Valley startups?
Do investors prefer investing in startups by IIMians regardless of the idea?
Can I fund a non-profit entity which doesn't generate any revenue and expect future operational costs to be funded by larger funding entities?
What kind of a support can a startup in Chandigarh get?
Can I issue senior liquidity preferences for friends/family and angels that will supersede those for VCs?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
What is an SNVA venture?
What is the proportion of internal and external research among venture capitalists?
What is a good salary to earn as an expat associate in the tech/VC space in Kenya?
Where can I find individuals, organisations, and corporations that would be interested in a joint venture to deliver clean water to 1 million Africans?
What is Platform Capitalism?
Who are the investors behind Investopedia?
How easy or hard is it to raise angel money in Isreal compared to the UK?
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Is there any course for improving fund raising skills in India?
Which is better - a $300,000 seed funding with 16% equity (to the investor) or $942,000 funding with 39% equity?
Where can ito get funding for new start up?
What does Coinbase did with the money they raised?
How can a startup thrive without seed funds and VC involvements?
How do I start a small venture capital in Greece?
What is a contributed capital?
Could someone start a VC or PE firm without a degree but with successful business ventures?
What's the diffrence between working in a venture capital firm and a bank?
What is the earliest stage at which a startup company can get funding from an investor? Can an "idea" alone get an investor’s funding?
How do the investors benefit from investing in infrastructure funds such as NIIF-India?
What's the average valuation of a pre-seed round in Silicon Valley for a SaaS company?
When selling shares to investor, should we allot new shares or transfer the shares?
What is the list of things a startup should have, to be interesting to an angel investor in 2017?
What are prominent Startup events of India?
What are the best startup networking events / meetups in New Delhi?
What is the good order venture capital index?
If there were a website in which unpublished writers sent their work in to be read by out of work actors, would this work as a business venture?
What could be the reason for the continues rally of Indiabulls Ventures?
Should startups join trade associations in their seed/infancy stage to build credibility?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
What are some tech/VC daily or weekly newsletters to follow?
Can a US venture capital firm accept foreign LPs? What is the tax implication of remitting their portion of the profit back to them? Are foreign LPs taxed for their own portion of the profit? Also, is there a VC consultant who can offer services to me?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
What's the optimal short-term strategy for an early-stage consumer internet startup?
What are prerequisites to learn before approaching a VC?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
If Morgan Stanley marked the valuation of Flipkart at $5.52B, how come it raised funds on a valuation of $10-12B?
How can I make £30,000 in two weeks to fund my start up?
What do VCs, Seedfund and business experts think about the business model of Byju’s?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
What happens when a company funded via different investors go for public issue?
What does a hedge fund do better than an investment research and an advisory shop covering the exact same things?
How did Evan Spiegel negotiate for total voting control over Snapchat with his VC backers?
If I'm raising $500k - $1M at 10-20% equity, what other factors should I learn about and avoid?
What will venture capitalists do if our startup fails?
What does VC folks mean?
Which venture capitalists would score highest on psychoticism?
What key changes are taking place in startup funding, and how is Gust aligned with these changes?
What steps should a Canadian SaaS business take in order to legally operate in Texas?
Would SoftBank fund a startup with 20 million?
What is the basic general knowledge needed to succeed in venture capital and private equity?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
As an angel/VC, if you invested $1m into a company that had a good chance of succeeding, how much would you expect back by year 5 of the business?
Should I apply for fellowships or an accelerator program or just raise funds?
What is the real rift between SoftBank, Kalaari Capital, and Nexus Venture Partners over Snapdeal’s valuation?
What is the best place to raise funds for a tech startup?
How can I raise funds for my online business on fundraising sites, without buying any paid plans?
How can the average investor learn about the inner workings of companies?
How did PerkSpot, as an early-stage company, find partners to provide discounts to its customers?
How many VCs and Angels agree with Khosla that 70–80% of VCs/Angels add negative value to startups?
What is the name of the funding platform that is like an AngelList for seed funds - connecting family offices and LPs to seed funds?
What is Steven Sinofsky's track record as a VC like?
How does Founder's Fund's performance compare to A16Z's?
Why do seed investors and VCs view the SAFE cap as the startup valuation rather than what it was meant to be, just a ceiling for the SAFE investor?
What is the process of a new venture creation?
Do foreign investors of US private investment funds need to be "accredited"?
How do angel investors and VCs bring up their kids in the USA after the teenage years?
Where can I find out more info on the good water venture capital index?
Who cannot be a partner in a firm except minors?
Which age group of investors are investing in equity market and how much?
Do I need to agree if an angel investor wants a lot stock in exchange for seed funding?
Can a Canadian start a company in the US if he/she is backed by VC investment?
How does VC calculate valuation of a company?
Is it possible to fund a startup with blockchain instead of VC?
How do I get funding for my online store in prototype stage?
If a startup raised $500K seed and had $58M in the bank by year 5, how could an exit price be calculated?
Does the domain name, owned by two billion dollar companies, one past and one present, both of which merged some time back, have any traffic-producing ability?
What is the basic difference between private equity and venture capital?
Which are some successful Seed capital financed companies in India?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What books describe American venture capital?
What are the recommended investment bankers for an Indian startup looking to raise a $6-$8m funding round?
Should SpaceX form a joint venture with a gene editing company to speed up the adaptation of Earth creatures on Mars?
Are there angel investors who specialise in low-ish budget film investments?
Can you back an angel investor but not through a syndicate?
How do I convince Mr. Gordon Miller of G3i Ventures to have a 20 mins online meeting for getting a feedback on my business plans?
How can I find an investor for my computer game project?
Who serves on the investment committee for a venture capital firm?
A private investor offered money and mentorship for a 51% ownership with a deprecation based on revenue increase. What advice do you have?
Is it still possible to go into tech/VC investing with a JD from a top law school (HYS)?
How does one find a good angel investor in CEE for SaaS startup in early stage?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
How do I establish a sense of urgency for VCs when fundraising a Series A?
If a startup has a capped note and a round is priced over the cap, do the note holder's extra shares come from common, new investors or both?
What are some of the best ways to make transition income to fund main startup?
How do I access funds to start a creative hub?
What is the day of a venture capitalist like? If I aspire to be a VC one day, what should I do now, supposing that I will be joining a college for an MBA this year?
Are SAFE investments/notes taxable?
What are some utilities that are ventured into telecom businesses?
Where can I learn more about venture capitalists who specialize in funding startups in rural America?
What are some ideas for startups for youths? Would we ever regret not investing in them?
How do I raise the capital for a startup business?
How much equity do early-stage investors Cowboy Ventures (Eileen Lee), Homebrew and Floodgate typically take in exchange for investment?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
Is an angel investment better than a VC?
How do I determine the share capital of a company (provide an example if possible)?
Can pvt company lend its capital to some unregistered company?
I have a startup product with a lot of potential; pre-revenue. Development nearly completed. How can I find angel investment if I live in Scotland?
Which of the celebrities who make tech investments have been most successful in those investments?
Can I get an outside investor with an LLC?
What does the future of Facebook look like from an investors perspective?
How can I find a Chinese partner for a business venture?
How can I get in touch with Freestyle Capital or the partners involved (Josh Felser and Dave Samuel)?
How hard is it to have lunch with a VC from the Bay Area?
What should corporate executives learn from venture capitalists?
When is the best time to approach VCs?
What is incorporate funding?
Do venture capital firms have their own boards of directors aside from the LPAC? Do they have investment committees? If so, how do they differ?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
Do G3i ventures invests in India? If not , why?
Are a startups HR strategy and workforce / human capital planning of influence on your investment decision? How do you evaluate them?
Why does Peter Thiel invested in a company like Facebook when he thinks competition is for losers and one must work on something no one is working on?
What is a venture builder?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
Will venture capitalists like Accel fund us, despite us not being from IIT/IIM? We are from ISI Kolkata and have a solid startup idea.
What is the ideal funding stage of a company when looking for a new job?
How much is my share worth if the company raised $1m in their first round?
How do angel investors think about early stage startups that significantly pivot either before or after the seed round?
What is it like to be a woman in Silicon Valley’s Venture Capital?
How do I find people who are looking for funding?
What is the best classified ad headline for "Looking For Investor"?
How do I launch my app without it being copied by a more experienced programmer?
What IT factors do VC companies look at when deciding whether or not to invest in a startup?
How do venture investor expectations, valuations, and norms from the US East Coast and elsewhere, differ from those in Silicon Valley?
Can I get a high amount in VC investment presales? So far, I have done it all with self-funding (software company).
Is AngelList good for raising seed financing?
How can a CA fresher get into private equity/venture capital?
What is FDI and joint venture?
Who do angel investors dream would walk in with X (what type of invention)?
What is a good frequency for updating angel investors?
How would you go about finding an angel investor interested in AI in a US company with an India subsidiary?
Is it ok to tell VCs that their connection to top engineers is more important than money? (I've been contacted by banker/MBA VCs, will say no.)
What is “elite venture capital limited”?
How else can you get capital for growth investments?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
Why do online stores need funding/investments? What manner do they repay it in? What kind of return/benefits do the investors get in this case?
How much will a startup be worth if it can unite all your school and college friends in 24 hours?
How do I hire a finder to pitch to potential investors?
How can I raise funding for a whole house green renovation with zero money and a below average credit rating?
What are 3 things you find most important when executing marketing activities in early stage startups?
As Silicon Valley VC's often use poker analogies to think about investment strategy, what metaphors do Asian investors apply to their own investments?
How do I use my academic qualification and skills to start a new venture on my own?
What is the best way to network at a tech startup meet?
Is There a plan to Fund New and upcoming startups?
I want to be able to buy land, build and run a hostel. How do I get investors interested to fund this?
Why is abnormal loss not recorded in joint venture?
I'm a full-time online Spanish teacher who wants to start selling digital products. Do I need my corporate brand identity guidelines now?
Do VCs lie that your product is good?
What metrics do social network startups have to have in order to close a $1M-$2M seed round (2017)?
We are the only infra startup in the country with lots of orders in the pipeline. Where can we apply for project funding?
How do startups setup meetings with high profile VC's and Angels?
How can foreign VCs seek projects in Silicon Valley?
What are the stages of succession?
How can you become an activist & impact investor when you have a very small capital?
How can I find potential angel investors for my startup studio? And how do I pitch to them?
What is your opinion on Union Sq Ventures investing in Polychain?
Where can I find datasets related to venture-backed startups?
What due diligence should I do before investing in property in Newburgh, New York?
Which is the best way to raise funds or get sponsors for building supermileage cars?
Where do I find business investors cum partners for my global ventures in e-commerce, fashion & recruitment?
What is the average CAGR an angel investor makes in the USA?
Who are the top 5 most famous angel investors in the world?
I want to go into either private equity or venture capital. Should I specialize in finance or entrepreneurship during my MBA?
We are trying to raise funds for our startup and have pitched countless times. Should we use a broker or a middleman?
How can I connect with an early stage investment expert?
I need $50,000 to fund my robotics startup. Should I rather make the money by myself, raise public money or go and talk to a VC?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
How would you approach a VC with no team or traction, just an ingenious original way to disrupt a huge market?
What is the best pitch for little leaguers?
Is there a reason why many (male) VCs in Silicon Valley don't seem to wear wedding rings?
What are the benefits of active ETFs for investors and the companies that run them?
How many VCs return back LPs’ money?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
What are the best investors in education technology startups?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
Are there any VC funds active in West Africa?
How does VC firm investing work? If I wanted to put my money in Sequoia Capital, what would the typical return be, and how long does it take?
How do I calculate IRR?
How do I structure an investor buy out?
What will venture capitalists do if our startup is a loss?
We are a venture capital firm situated in Mumbai, we specialize in angel investing, what companies should we consider buying?
How many companies in the US have raised $4 million or more in 2017?
Do Silicon Valley VCs see less potential in SaaS startups focusing on SMBs vs. consumer or enterprise?
Is it likely that an investment company has hedge funds, private equity funds, and venture capital funds?
What is an angel fund?
How do VCs raise funds for themselves?
Is it ok to lie about your age by 2 years when pitching to VCs?
How can I raise small seed funds for my startup in India?
What is Newslaundry's take on Arnab's Republic TV venture?
What will be the effect of a decrease in working capital on operating activities?
Which is the best way to ask for funding for a startup?
Is it common (or legal) for a wannabe CEO raising money for a venture to demand his percentage of the stock to be based on the amount of funds raised from investors?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Is finance capitalism an enemy of higher civilization?
Would Bay Area VCs invest in a Canadian startup utilizing a cross-border incorporation structure?
None of the existing investors participated in Flipkart's 1.4 billion fund raiser. Is this worrying?
What are customary fees paid to someone who makes an introduction for aiding a company seeking funding?
Where can I look for seed capital in Brazil?
Why are the people, who have more money than they know what to do with, still working?
What legal issues should be covered in land development as a residential colony in a joint venture?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
How do VCs and angel investors deal with non-native American founders and CEOs whose English accent is hard to understand?
For a company that chooses to avoid raising outside capital, how can it create the type of oversight and external pressure an investor would provide?
Which venture capital firms are listed on the stock market? Why should you not get a listing as a VC?
Why is the VC the gallantry award that is so respected?
As a VC, what dimension of a company are you disproportionately willing to take risks on?
Are there any capitation fees at PSBB KK Nagar or Nungambakkam?
Are capital augmenting and capital deepening the same?
In early stage start-up fundraising, do convertible notes actually ever turn into debt?
How many investor pitches did you do before securing funding?
How do I find venture capitalist in Australia?
If you’re raising a seed round with a 12-month runway and will need another round within 3 years, do you include that round of funding in your projections?
How can one be happy while struggling with a new venture?
Is it ok to take money from an investor with outspoken political beliefs you disagree with?
When were PowerPoint decks first used in startup pitches to VCs?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
Does valuation of a startup depend on who you take money from, whether it is micro VC, angel investors, or one super angel?
Which other similar companies are there like Lighter Capital?
Does India lack good incubators/accelerators and venture capitalists?
Do legit accelerators/VC take a fee to get an application submitted?
Who is Broadbean Capital?
How would a company go public if all of the investors have an anti-dilution provision?
What are some examples of the capitalist class based state coercion?
How many associates join VC firms like Sequoia Capital each year?
While applying for seed fund for a startup, what will be the maximum fund we could ask and what all we should consider before applying for seed fund?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
What % of my company should I give to angel investors?
How specific or flexible is a VC portfolio?
Do VC's fund a startup which has no traction but has a letter of intent from a reputed company? The profit margins would be decent.
After 4 years of bootstrapping, my company is ready for a seed round(~500k) to scale. Where should I start?
For companies that are not public, are investors allowed to trade their shares in secondary offerings?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
If you need funds to even get the project off the ground, is it possible to still raise money?
Who are the top VCs in London?
What should be the ESOP strike price of a Series A company?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
Is there a free site that lists the revenue and valuations of private companies?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
What is the best source of funding for tech startups?
Assuming YC alumni raised some money via SAFE, what was the cap and/or discount?
How is investing in early tech companies "more art than science"?
How can an engineering student get an internship at a VC firm in India?
When starting an umbrella company, what is the best way to market your business to investors and how do you set up a meeting with potential investors?
Is there a short list of angel investors who understand social media plays (like those who may have invested in Snap or Facebook)?
What should you do if a VC is so excited that they give you a term sheet on the spot and ask you to "write in the numbers"?
Is it possible to just get funding from 500 Startup without going for their seed program?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
How does a company choose a partner in joint venture in China?
What’s the best way to show due diligence?
What percentage of ideas submitted to venture capitalists are rubbish?
What is the diffrence between a hedgefund, private equity, venture capital and holding company?
Would VC firms use a service that pre-vetted startups, verified their revenues, expenses, and employees, and provided analysis?
Is MRR at X a good milestone set by VC for tranche investment in SaaS?
What kind of funding does a tech start up need?
What are the top reasons for a seed-funded startup to not be able to raise Series A (priced round)?
What rights do investors in tech startups have to know about the finances of the companies in which they invest?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
Who are the seed investors in UK?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
How do I find a seed round broker for our startup?
If you were to go into the PE/VC industry, would you chose to join Sequoia Capital or Blackstone Group? Why?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
How do we raise funds for our new business that is service oriented?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
What are some innovative ways to raise seed funding for a startup?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
How do I get capitalists for startup?
Legal terminology: How to differentiate partnership and joint venture?
What summer internship will impress a VC?
Why can't Unacademy be pragmatic by charging a small fee thereby raising more investments which can help in extending it?
What are the options to raise funds for startups in India?
What is the best advice you can give an early stage tech startup?
I just raised half a million for my startup with some decent traction. What are the dos and donts for my first couple of months?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
Are there any potential investors on Quora or VCS? We are launching the first solar tablets and we are looking for investors.
Why capitation fee should be eliminated?
What are the future avenues for venture capitalists in India?
Can you guide me on how to do market research for early age investment to suggest to a VC firm?
Who is currently trying to start a seed company?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
What are the fundamental differences in investing mentality between VCs and angels?
What is your advice when investors want to invest a million dollar with X% of equity in my company with the potential of going public listed in 5yrs?
Will the AI bubble burst? Should I be afraid of my future?
Can I get the number of the person who help me procure VC funding on a commission basis?
What is the probability of a 1 seed losing to a 16 seed?
What are the great beginner books that would answer the question, "How much equity should my company retain after 1st round funding?" and all that?
Is it common for a VC to do an investment in Equity on a company, and then issue a Convertible Note or a SAFE later on the same company?
What are good discovery tools for angel investors who want to focus on social good?
Who are the top venture capitalists interested in investing in sharing economy-based startups in Africa?
Are there any investors here on Quora who are interested in or have actually invested in social network apps?
What's the best way to distribute equity among staff I hire and if I get investors it will come out of their end?
How does vesting work for Principals or Associates at VC firms?
Are VCs are interested in African startup?
Is 5% equity fair for providing possibly 80% of the seed money in an app startup at the very early stage?
What are the best qualities of a pitch deck, from an entrepreneur’s perspective and an angel’s perspective?
What's the best way to get into the venture capital business for someone freshly graduated from a top business school?
What is my guarantee that the VCs or the investors won't steal my ideas as they already have the funds (they just need to hire the people with the skills)?
How do you factor in the strong network effects of the incumbents while evaluating the seed stage FinTech startups?
What are the value propositions that are sought and could be offered to institutional investors from a private equity firm that plans to raise USD1b?
Are there any startups looking for investment?
What is one M&A transaction you are actively following?
What is the difference between issued capital and subscribed capital?
If a company is not growing but is not in a loss (stagnant), what happens to the angel investors?
Will Trump allow Chinese backed firms acquire US tech firms?
Which investor is best for my startup, Angel or VC?
How is a typical Series A B2B SaaS startup structured organizationally, e.g., what are the typical teams and titles?
Is there any place in Delhi NCR where you can pitch startup ideas to investors for VC funding?
Where does paid in capital go after the registration of a company?
Do I need to have a website, marketing, technical aspects and other things ready when asking for funds from a VC?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of all venture capital firms in the US?
Do VCs hold biases against startups cofounded by family members or spouses?
What’s a great way to network with investors besides Quora?
How do I approach japenese investors?
If a fund is valued at NAV, in what ways can you give cornerstone investors a benefit?
How can I get a venture capital for my decade old restaurant business to expand?
Why is Toronto such a capital for financial technology startups?
As an Indian startup, what issues would you like more information on as you begin your entrepreneurial journey?
With Okta and Yext filing for IPOs in 2017, will there be a tech bubble soon?
Should an early stage startup approach venture capitalists or angel investors for seed round?
Are there any firms that can help small hedgefunds raise money from investors?
Biotech is raising institutional capital. Would adding a crowdfunded tranche hurt co's reputation with investors, reading the move as desperation?
How do you estimate the fund you need for your startup?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
Do any venture capitalists release lists of pitches that they've received?
How do I find the ticket size of a VC or an investing firm?
What was the largest M&A exit ever of a privately-held, VC-backed company?
What are joint venture partners?
What's your experience with a software development shop pivoting to sell a product?
Why do VCs (private investors) remain bullish on Snap Inc, while Wall Street post-IPO investors see them as overvalued?
What are some good ways to raise money for a man of the year contest?
What is the difference between a PPM, information memorandum, and an offering document for a fund?
An intro was made to a CEO by a VC for me. There has been no response yet in over 3 weeks. What's the best way to connect with the CEO?
Where can I find tipsters that want to participate to an experts round up?
How do fund managers manage the relationship with investors or limited partners?
Which venture capital company has well knowledge in regional languages like Tamil / Telugu?
Where is it better to study biotech VC, Boston or San Francisco?
How can I divide the equity in a startup in the first round, in the second, and so on, with the investor and previous investor? How will it be diluted?
What is the difference between pre-seed and pre-startup round and which one is more important?
How are places like Singapore and Tel Aviv such beds of start-up innovation?
What exactly is Technological Capital?
Would you invest in very early-stage companies that are pre-traction and/or pre-product/market fit? Why (not)?
At what steps can you get funding in a tech startup?
What do you think of someone who is a capitalist and/or someone who says, "I'm a capitalist."?
Can additional paid-in capital be added to a company over time, instead of all at once?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What are some important risks that are unique to investing in fintech startups?
From where do the top venture capital firms like Accel, SoftBank or Tiger Global get so much money to invest?
What is the best way to establish contact with, and bring an IoT startup opportunity to, a billionaire to consider investing in a $200M round?
Is there an investment firm that builds Greenfield capital-intensive projects by coordinating investors and vendors without putting up any equity checks?
Venture Capital for Tech Employees: What you need to know to get what you’re worth?
How does your approach to seed stage fintech investing differ from other regulated and unregulated verticals?
Will state authorities band together to force Airbnb to remit for uncollected taxes?
Which tech firms have data-driven bizops (business operations & strategy) teams?
Where can I find anyone who is interested in an EPC joint venture (JV) in India?
Is it possible in the U.S. to be a general partner in a VC firm and have a job running an incubator?
What are the ways to secure a VC fund for a startup, with assured returns and funds not being dissolved?
I'm in Vietnam. How can I connect with Venture Capitalists in this region?
From where do the startups find investments?
Why the founder of funded today "a multi-million dollars crowdfunding raising service" and the service itself is not anywhere on the news?
How is the negotiation process like between a VC and an early stage startup?
How much average time it will take to raise seed 100K capital with Gust?
How attractive is my company for Series A?
What are the common mistakes that seed-funded startup founders make?
How likely is a startup in the serverless computing field be VC-funded?
How can I find college startups in Chennai in the beginning stages so that I can fund them?
How do I get in touch with an Investor, when I don't have money to pay the sites that say they can do it?
Is the average life of a pyramid scheme (5 years) also the length of the venture capital cycle?
Hypothetically, if angels, a super angel, and a micro VC is interested, what type of investor would you choose to get your startup funded and why?
How VCs & other investors have so much time to answer questions on Quora?
What's the most value add another seed stage fintech investor can offer you?
What is the ROI for a 30 million VC investment?
What is Sequoia Capital? Who is Doug Leone?
You have successfully secured a seed round investment for your business. Now what?
Is Theranos offering double shares to investors if they don't sue likely to be a successful strategy? Is it actually a worthwhile deal for investors?
Should I get subscribers once my dating app startup is developed prior to seeking VC funding?
When you sum a list of rounded down numbers do you round the answer up?
Which part of Silicon Valley is best for seed investment meetings?
What was Casetext's valuation after its $12 million Series B funding round?
Would you prefer to work as a venture capital investment associate or a product manager for a top tech company?
Why don’t cities or states raise funds for development from IPO?
Why do ace investors make their investment positions public?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Which will be my best choice: Master's in Entrepreneurship from Trinity College Dublin or Master's in Management from University College Dublin?
How do I raise VC fund?
Are investors like Warren Buffett and Carlos Slim angel investors or VCs?
How can I invest in capital markets?
What are most seed stage fintech startup cofounders in denial about?
What's next in seed stage fintech investing?
What are the IRRs on Fundrise's non-growth funds?
After Adeo Ressi was removed from Expansive Ventures, will he be precluded from managing a fund again by the SEC?
Where do I find the angels and VCs who would fund or partner on a patent? Would pre-selling occur at this stage?
What is the streamline process for Due Diligence on the Equity Crowdfunding platforms?
How can I buy back my equity from the investor?
Should I set aside shares for future investors in my shareholder agreement, even if I don't have any at the moment?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
What is 'bonus in equity capital ratio'?
What secrets do VCs/Angels know about writing excellent pitch decks?
How do I get investors for my venture capital firm that is just starting?
How should Kevin Semcken raise the $1.5 million in capital that Able Planet needs? Be sure to consider sources of both debt and equity financing.
How do I make myself indispensable in a venture? All I really have is the idea.
What are different ways to Raise money for Startup?
How do I reach out to investors that want to enter the Nigerian market?
When so many VC firms get their deal flows through referrals and their networks how can black founders ever break through in significant numbers?
How do I arrange capital for a startup in Chicago?
If a consultant establishes a joint venture or exchanges business between two parties, what is the service called?
What are the details of founder-investor friendly term sheets via a convertible note or SAFE?
Are private equity-backed IPOs bad for the public?
Why did Tata Starbucks choose a joint venture versus some other form of growth?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
Which states require investors to have a lending license to invest in convertible notes?
What tips would do you have for an (academically) average student interested in going into investment banking/VC/trading?
What is the best university path to graduate and be able to work on Wall Street or with a major hedge fund/venture capitalist?
Do you know any fintech (seed stage) startups with international ambitions in CEE (Ukraine, Russia, Latvia, Slovenia, Slovakia, Romania, etc.)?
What do I do if a potential investor in my startup takes way too long to email me back?
Why are Uber and Amazon able to go so far beyond profitability into a grey zone of losing billions of dollars a year with hypothetical evaluations?
Can additional paid-in capital be increased without affecting the current outstanding stocks base?
Why aren’t there investors for startups whose market is Latin America? Silicon Valley VCs and angels look like they run away from it.
What percentage of VCs are completely useless? I don't mean a certain level of returns, but the pre-failure hotshots who make VCs look bad.
Start-Up in Life Science. Do I focus on product development or in raising funding, if I run short in money and manpower?
Can I make a career in venture capital?
What is the difference between a management presentation and a CIM?
If I'm raising money, do I have to tell my investors that I'm planning on getting a divorce?
Do investors prefer the pitch deck to have mostly text with bullets or just some text and more icons and graphics?
A lot of emails are sent to investors every day for funding. Is it valuable to make something to filter these emails regarding the investors’ preferences?
Can you explain why someone would start similar service and as well get funded up by famous investors?
Is it possible to raise money without a product but with letters of intent? (See the details.)
What does it take to be an investor and how can you make investing a successful venture?
On what basis did LikeALittle achieve a $35m valuation in Series A?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
What advice would Gordon Miller give to a 16 year old kid aspiring to go into PE/VC?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
How do I get significant investors so I can set up my investment fund?
Why did so many investors refuse to invest in today's unicorns when they were small?
Is SoftBank becoming too powerful?
In shares, can amount of capital reserve come different by using different methods?
What is the opposite of actively fundraising for startups?
Is the rate of funding for healthcare startups growing at the same rate as funding for tech startups?
Would you invest on an early-stage African Fintech with some traction?
Can a startup's board selectively dilute any minority shareholder on the cap table with impunity?
What are the determinants of capital structure of a manufacturing firm?
What are the best Amenities in HM Capital?
With the recent debacle of Snapdeal, what key business lessons can be learnt? What will happen now in the VC and PE investment scenarios?
How are investment fund returns calculated?
If I am planning to start a new company, how to raise funds for running that funds?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
What is the standard carry bonus given to an associate or principal at a VC firm?
Is it common for a Silicon Valley VC to contact you out of the blue?
How can I raise my COSM to infinity?
Do pitch books to privately-held companies for M&A transactions frequently contain data that isn't 100% correct?
Are venture capital funds today benefiting from Quantitative-easing funds?
Does the conclusion of "invest if return exceeds capital costs" mean that companies only can invest in projects which are riskier than the company’s own risk?
What is involved in an underwriters due diligence process?
Is there a database of venture capital deals that later went bankrupt?
Do VC’s have a need for a self-promotion (by self-promotion I mean publishing their own articles, opinions, advice, etc.)?
How is FreeCodeCamp.com funded?
How often do investors invest in eco-startups or service?
What is a capital budgeting decision? Why is it significant for a firm?
What are the reasons that VCs will not invest in a seed-funded company seeking Series A investment?
How can I get a venture capital of Rs. 100 crore?
Which angel investors or VCs in India are interested in solar startups?
Is it possible for a citizen from another country to get funding for his idea by an American venture firm? If so, what is needed, and how does the process work?
How many shares do I have to give to an Angel Investor for a startup if it is in its initial stage?
What is the difference between partner and limited partner in VC?
What are the ways that two-sided marketplace startups prevent the two sides from working directly?
If any angel investor would fund 5 lac as a seed fund, then what shares would be given to them from the company's stacks?
What is "hot" at the moment in the server-less cloud field?
How do dues convert into equity?
Will capitalism give way to socialism and if so how can it be funded when people are feeling that they are already overtaxed?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
How can I limit the pro-rata participation of existing investors in an oversubscribed funding round and if I want to bring a new investor in?
Which application of Machine Learning / AI startups have raised funding?
Are there any angel investors in Gurgaon?
What is a typical carry allocation among the lead partner, other GPs and the rest of the supporting staff (VPs/associates) in an early stage VC firm?
At what stage of funding is most appropriate to get involved?
Will a grunt fund equity split work in a high-growth tech startup?
Can I receive funds (investments) in my website?
Should we go after Venture Capital, and when?
What changes can I do for a small company that has received $250,000 from investors?
Whom to approach to make investments in startup?
How do partners suggest companies to invest in, in VC firms?
What are the key things angel investors and micro VCs should know about AI and AI startups in 2017?
What are some potential ventures or side hustles that an 18-year-old college student can start with a starting capital of $10,000?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
What venture capital and PE funds invest in the restaurant and hospitality industries?
Can a VC sell his/her shares to another VC, ergo, exit before the real exit (like M&A or IPO)?
How long does it take to find an investor for a startup?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Is it customary (or scam) for a Series A investor to require a performance deposit (6K) from a start-up as part of the term sheet and due diligence?
How can a company raise additional money through an IPO?
Does the New Media Ventures fund take equity?
What is the best way/method to use to value a company in early stage round one of funding?
What are your top 3 picks for industries or businesses that you wouldn’t hesitate to venture into in China?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
At what valuation did GRAIL raise their $900M Series B?
What are the methods for raising funds for starting and expansion of a joint stock company?
Is registering your startup necessary before applying for any seed funds?
In March 2016, Airbnb closed a $1B round at a $31B valuation and was profitable as of 2H 2016. Why isn’t the company planning an IPO?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
What is a capital dividend?
What are investors feeling about online rental platforms?
Who are the top venture capitalists interested in investing in philanthropy based startups?
How can I recieve money from my angel investor?
Should I invest in sagoon startup, based in US?
When should the members of an E-commerce startup approach a VC? How should they?
Where can I find angels that invest in robotic technology startups?
Are series A investors likely to buyout their investments?
I want to venture in politics as my career, how do I start for it?
Do I need a formal business plan in order to get an angel investment?
How can Instacart be valued at $3.4 billion?
What should I choose, a venture firm investing just the money or a venture firm investing money and resources (i.e. a software team)?
How much % of VAT is capitalized on the purchase of capital goods in Maharashtra?
Where do I find funding for a European non-tech startup?
How a venture capitalist investment works?
Why does India not have an MSME Venture Capital Fund?
What are some of the top early stage VC firms?
What is the maximum funding that angel investors do?
Which are the top venture capital firms that invest in SaaS?
How should one prepare before pitching the startup idea/business model to the VCs?
How do you tell if a venture capital firm is fake/real?
What do VC/Investors think of startups incorporated in Hong Kong?
Are there any new and notable fintech focused venture corporates in Europe in 2017?
Where do you look for an angel investor to fund the development of a cutting-edge rescue tool that integrates functionality with technology?
What exactly caused the dot com bubble to burst?
If a startup fails to get funding after a few seed rounds due to a reason not related to the business directly, why is it a wash?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
Is Bollywood funded by D - Company?
How many "accredited investors" are there in the US?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of US based investors investing in offshore funds?
What technical analysis do VCs do when valuing a startup?
Was Anil L. Crasto your key point of contact to retrieve funds from private investors?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
Is money first and foremost in a capitalist country?
Will VCs and Angels invest in single founder startups, who plans to hire CTO and employees after seed round?
Which notable VC firms missed out on Facebook?
What advice would you give a former startup Product Manager and Product Designer looking to get into Venture Capital as an Associate?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
Why is the startup ecosystem in the Philippines not picking up yet?
What types of financial models do start-ups like roomiapp.com provide to potential investors?
Why is Flipkart not going public to raise funds?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
Where in NYC get venture capital internship?
Can an outsider, who is not a partner, invest in a partnership firm?
What is the average time it takes a VC to make an investment decision?
Who are the most trustworthy/recommended VC's in South Florida?
How can I get get capital funding for my retail shop?
What are the top VC firms with HQs/offices in Europe, Singapore and Australia? What is their recruitment process?
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
How does venture capital work, and how can I find it?
How do you determine the value of a startup for the purpose of allocating a share to seed money investor?
What are some resources where I could learn about venture capital and finance as a 3rd year undergraduate?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
I have heard of entrepreneurs being screwed over by venture capitalists. What books teach how one can successfully navigate the VC world?
What is capitation charge?
On Angelist.co the 'average' seed stage valuation is charted by industry. Does that refer to a valuation at formation or after a round of funding?
How much capital is required to start a venture capital?
Do tech companies pay a high salary in the Bay Area because the cost of living is high, or are home prices and rents high because tech pays so much?
How does pre/post money rise after an investment?
Where is the best resource to attain venture capital for sports nutrition based businesses in South Africa?
How does Infibeam share price increases?
How does a joint venture work? Is it possible to do it without forming a company in which the venturers own shares?
Is a RSU award/ CEO award of 3% common for an IPO of a company?
Why should the rest of the US fund a local train in Silicon Valley?
How can one raise 1500 dollars?
Who are some black venture capitalists in Silicon Valley?
Who do I approach to fund my startup idea?
Bruce, would a VC fund a monkey if the monkey will return 5X of invested capital and a IRR of 20%+?
Why did Aviral Bhatnagar choose to work for a VC firm?
How does the MRR growth rate differ between a VC funded company and a bootstrapped company? (post product/market fit)?
What's the difference between a director and an advisor? After what time does a new company create a board with them? How is the compensation for them?
Is there a documentary on VC funding for start up?
What is holding back venture capitalists and angel investors from participating in "Equity CrowdFunding campaigns"?
Is it better to make a fortune investing in others or just be an entrepreneur myself?
How do we find funding for a defense project if we only receive payment after the resulting product’s delivery?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
How do I rank capital proposals?
What are the less understood ramifications of taking too much or too little money from investors/VCs/etc?
Who is actually funding PSL?
What might angel investors find appealing in feature film (dramatic or genre) investments? What might they find unappealing? Why would you fund a movie?
How should I agree with investors who are against radical pivot because their other portfolio company does similar things?
What does a venture capitalist prefer when funding an idea, a fast-paced, high-profit business model or a stable operating business?
Has Gordon Miller ever funded a African based startup?
What are some good capital funded ventures and how do I get them?
As the first VP of marketing at an early stage startup (series A, raised $5M), is .03% ownership a reasonable number?
What is the best way to cold email a VC telling them about our fashion e-commerce startup which is generating good revenue?
Is there a need for a "continent capital", despite the fact that each country has its own capital?
What are the typical salaries for analysts/associates at a venture capital firm in Tokyo, Japan?
My seed investor wants 50%. I already know I will need more money and that he will put it and take other shares and get in control. Is this fair?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Where find seed capital funding south Korea?
What would the thoughts of venture capitalists be when their investments start to fail?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
How important or appealing is the product/venture name of a healthcare startup, especially in India?
How can I best approach investors with my 3 internet ventures?
Which type of business can I venture into with a capital of $100 with quick returns?
How should I value multiple small investments from one friends/family investor over several years?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
Does Quora have an upcoming IPO for fundraising?
What do we charge for writing a Business Plan at venture-Care?
Why is Flipkart's fundraising critical for Indian startups?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
What's the best way to break into VC with being a recent graduate with no deal experience?
What has being a venture capitalist taught you about people and business?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
How do investors see where their money is being used?
What is the most important role an analyst plays in a VC firm?
Estimate to make $2M revenue with $1.5M pre-tax profit this year. Aiming $100M revenue in 5 years (10% of the market). How should I value my startup?
How do I raise finance for purchasing a shop?
Should I get ahold of your investor and get your money pulled from joint venture capital?
What are the best places to find investors for a startup fund? Should they offer equity?
Will Soylent be successful in the long term?
Suppose I have this great business opportunity and I want to raise capital from Angels Investors. What is the best way to do it? How about paying back?
On Shark Tank, why don't any of the businesses the “Sharks” invest in perform well?
Is it true that venture capitalists don't want another idea related to social?
Does founding a startup in NYC impact your ability to get funding from west coast investors?
Is it better to accept seed money from aunts and uncles, or wait until an angel or two are convinced?
What are some of the criterias that an investor will look for before he/she decides whether to invest in a startup or not?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
If Twitter started charging a monthly fee for verified account status but remained free for users, would it be considered an SaaS business?
What is the difference between a seed company and Series B?
How do I rank different aspects of capital projects?
What makes an investment attractive?
What regulations are needed for VC LP?
What do billionaires do with the capital that is not locked in their own companies share capital?
How is a joint venture legally setup?
When will Arnab's new venture will be on air?
What are some red flags for people new to angel investing when evaluating companies?
Good camera technology has become far more affordable. I wonder, did innovative companies such as RED, GoPro, and Black Magic have angel investors?
Will Angels/VCs consider investing in a company if the primary innovative product will max out at approximately $50M revenues?
Which startups from India are VCs more interested in funding nowadays?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
What positions will I need to fill for an early-stage social network startup?
What are the best early indicators of a tech downturn in the Bay Area?
Does a holding firm that has a concentrated position in a firm have more power over that firm than if the position wasn’t concentrated?
How did Uretsky obtain the first funding for his three startups?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
Would investors invest even if the company is overvalued but still has a huge hype?
Who are some well known venture capitalist from India?
Which VCs in Silicon Valley invest in healthcare startups?
Are there any ways to spot a potential unicorn at pitch stage?
Could you suggest how to apply for guild capital?
What do venture capitalists look for in a CEO during a pitch?
What are some of the lucrative businesses in financial markets other than hedge funds/per/VC?
When all the partners are insolvent, how do you close the partners’ capital accounts?
How will an MBA be beneficial for someone in entrepreneurship?
How do I find an investor for my startup in less than 2 weeks?
What can we do to raise money for kids with leukemia?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
What should be the ideal 'made it profitable'/'failed' ratio for a venture capital firm to run successfully?
Do venture capitalists require a risk evaluation before investing in a company? How do they determine how risky the startup is?
What happens to the registered capital in a company's liquidation?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
How can I raise funds for my school choir?
Would Bruce Gibney fund a promising-looking startup that he realized was run by sociopaths?
What are the most interesting things that have happened as a result of VC firms regretting missing out on Facebook?
How much should a social network startup raise for their first round?
Why am I having trouble getting funding for my social network startup?
What's more founder-friendly: a SAFE with a 20% discount (no cap), or a $2M cap with no discount (assuming that's the pre-money valuation for series A)?
How can I raise money (say, $1,500) for a startup idea in a developing country like Nigeria?
How viable is the venture capital model in the long run especially when it comes to geographies such as India?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
What is the fiduciary duty of the owner of a general partner to limited partners?
What are free/paid alternatives to stratechery.com analysis?
How do socological and psychological analyses benefit a VC in practice or financially?
With convertible notes, can you give an investor a locked equity deal so it automatically converts at a certain percentage - no matter what?
How do venture capitalists manage their portfolio companies?
Where can I find US$500,000.00 in start up capital?
How do you get an investor to fund your project?
If you really believe ideas are a dime a dozen, would you list them out here in exchange for cash, equity and revenue share for anything executed on?
What is opinion of VCs about startups in India?
What are different software applications that people and funds use to track dealflow and manage portfolios?
What will be your plan B, if you cannot make your startup work after graduation?
What tips would you give to a student interested in venture capital?
With options such as Angel.co, Gust.com, Fundable, FundersClub, Funderbeam, etc., how can entrepreneurs know what is the best place to raise seed & angel capital?
How would a downturn in tech and real estate in the SF Bay Area compare to prior cycles in 2001 and 2009?
What is this 1 billion series funding round with 30 billion valuation?
How can I raise funds for my project in India?
How do I create a buzz for a startup, in order to attract the attention of people and investors?
Why is nearbuy's valuation conservative compared to Zomato, Quikr or other consumer startups, even with a better potential for revenue and profitability?
What kind of startups are you willing to invest in?
What vision of the future do investors fund?
How is Quora giving returns on investments to investors if they keep borrowing money?
How likely am I to be able to move to the US after my startup is funded (or being replaced after funding)?
How do M&A teams track their dealflow?
I am looking for a pre seed funding investor. Whom shall I contact that are willing to invest outside the US?
Would it be a good idea for investors to get behind startups that would be candidates for the breakthrough energy coalition?
Who can give me an idea of the fundraising sector in Europe? Is it "easy" to raise funds for Central American causes?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
How do I raise the initial funds for my B2B SaaS application?
How can I ensure that the VCs don't steal my idea if I tell them or mail them my B-plan?
How do I start a fund raising page?
What is your opinion on "venture capitalists" being sometimes referred to as "Vulture capitalists"?
How does revenue relate to capital raised?
Is there an investor from America looking for a great deal of investment deal from Africa?
I lost 3-4 pitching contests to startups with no investments and clients. Does it mean my pitch is bad?
What is Stoke capital?
On what basis did you decide when to make an exit from a venture so that it could be called a successful exit?
Why startups are in loss?
Are there any good startups that got funded on an idea-basis only?
What are the greatest limitations of Bitcoin?
What do you do if your seed VC knows and wants to introduce you to a specific partner at a Series A firm, but there's another partner that's a better fit?
What do venture capitalists think is the most important criteria to win funding from VC or angel investors?
Do VCs and Angel investors believe that employees of a startup work towards the mission and vision of the company?
Does pre-MBA work experience matter in post-MBA Consulting or IB or VC recruiting?
Are there VC funded companies making apps on the Ethereum platform?
How do I make an agreement for a joint venture with any company?
Does paid-up capital also include calls received in advance, as per the Companies Act of 2013?
Why is TVF promoting their app so much nowadays, rather than posting videos on YouTube as before?
Are there any venture capitalists that specialize in funding startups ran by entrepreneurs with disabilities?
Are there any startups in Jammu looking for investment?
How do you place a high valuation on a startup?
What is Snapchat’s history for raising money?
What fundraising terms did Instacart raise their $400M Series D with to value them at $3.4B?
Where do I find an investor for my start up in Los Angeles?
Which type of the two funding options (angel investment and venture capital) should you aim for?
Does the pervasiveness of post-truth impact the venture capital operation?
What's the best wiki service to make a custom dealflow tracking system for VC purposes?
How do I find ambitious, hard working entrepreneurs that need a partner with capital to invest?
What effect does taking venture capital have on a company's percent chance of success (on average)?
What is a standard target IRR for an accelerator fund?
Which are reliable sources to extract investment and funding related information for Indian startups?
Im looking for great capital raising individuals, are there any on Quora?
If given the option, would Ali AlShamsi, Gordon Miller, Paul Cohn or David S. Rose be willing to replace one of the "Sharks" from 'Shark Tank'?
How do you raise money for a documentary?
How often do VC funds make capital calls? Is it 10% at a time, once a year? What happens if the fund needs capital sooner than anticipated?
How do I invest in seed round as a small investor?
What do you use daily in your venture capital work?
Where can I get more information about Social Cloud Ventures’ chatbots?
How much should I offer to an investor in return for his investment?
Where and how do I get a venture capital firm in Nairobi?
How do I raise funds on a Seed Crowdfunding website for the first time?
Do investors invest their money outside their countries?
How do I find a good venture capitalist for Agri Business?
How would a VC/Angel Investor feel about a potential investment-founder having another job/business?
What is the basic difference between an angel investor and a venture capitalist?
What's the best feedback you received from an investor?
What do VCs think of companies that outsource their MVP coding to India? Are there any places that are more respected places to outsource to?
Why does Google invest capital less aggressively than Amazon?
Would you ever get involved at a venture capital firm in the future?
What were the terms of Ola's Series H down round funding?
What are the thoughts that driven you to leave CTO of Facebook to start your own venture?
How do investors work?
What smaller companies should we be investing in?
How do I convince an investor to accept royalties instead of equity (they also happen to be our first major customer)?
What is the best way to invest in Uranium for a US investor?
Are VCs more likely to hire an employee (director of product) of a portfolio company?
Is there a startup scene possible without the ir-rational exuberance of investors?
Do you know a good venue in Paris, France to host an investor event for a Silicon Valley VC firm?
Startups in China: Which Seed Investment or Venture Capital Firms are focused on Financial Products and Big Data?
Which are European Video Gaming focused Seed Round VC firms?
Is Nu Skin sales a good venture to get into? Why or why not?
What are the VC firms in Nyc that hire associates?
What business venture is well suited for success in east Africa for now and the next 10 years?
As a VC, if you could go back to your operational experience (as part of a hyper-growth startup), then what would you remind yourself to take note of?
Why do entrepreneurs go to VC and private investors instead of banks?
How do you calculate the pre-money evaluation for a startup?
Where can I invest seed capital in business opportunities?
How is a proper investment presentation supposed to go when presenting to a VC group? Is there a certain guideline to follow?
Can jhf be a partner in a firm?
What is the best legal funding company?
Is it a good idea to reach out to a competitor’s VC or angel investor?
What advice do you have for a blog that was launched in November and already has 100,000 unique monthly visitors?
Who are some of the investors in India who invest in tech startup ideas?
How can you mitigate VC bias against single-founder startups?
Our company is at its MVP stage. We don't have funds yet. It works. Should we register now or get funds and then register?
Is there a way to verify company valuation?
Where can I find international angel investors or venture capitalists interested in Nigeria or West Africa?
When looking for a VC as a startup with very limited or no capital to contribute what is a good ROI to give and percentage to give a VC?
Which are some of the active angel and VC firms based out of NCR?
What do Fintech startups need from VCs?
What are the legal steps to set up/incorporate a VC fund in India?
Is it wise to invest INR 12000/- in 8 different mutual funds per month for atleast 5 years?
Who are the investors with value for an OTA that you would choose to pitch?
Does having a board of advisors increase your chances of getting funding?
Do you recommend having worldwide Angel Investors or would it be better to have fewer but from the same market?
Who are the best venture capital and angel investors in Sweden 2016?
How do VCs make money when they buy non-participating preferred stock (with a 1x liquidation preference)?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
Will an angel investor fund my weird startup?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
How do venture capitalists respond to the American Dream phrase?
Personal Question/Survey Question: What is your role in the venture capital industry?
Will VCs or angel investors invest in a weather app if it has 10 million user base and making revenue?
Why do startups typically not tell the media how many customers they have?
How do I go about raising capital for my indie film?
Is it a good idea to use venture capital to fund real estate deals?
What is the percentage of profit the investors demand?
How do we get attention of venture capitals?
Why do tech journalists and VCs describe Snapchat as an "underdog" company when they have 20-25B valuation pre-IPO and had everything in their favor?
What do I have to include in the competition section in an executive summary?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
What are the ways physicians can be involved in venture capital and entrepreneurship?
What is your angel investing experience in India?
Why is it so difficult to find an investor for a creative venture, even if the revenue projections are solid?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
What is the meaning of post issue paid up equity share capital?
An investor wants to buy a % of my company for paying salaries and equipments, does this make sense or does he have to pay money for this %?
What does it mean when a VC asks you to describe "your projected traction in the market"?
If I wanted to pitch my idea to Gordon Miller or any other VC's/even Angel Investors, what information should I send?
How do venture capital and growth equity firms differ in their investment strategies?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
How can I raise funds for a social impact campaign that might change millions of people's lives?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
How do I focus on one business venture at a time?
Which investors have invested at the pre-revenue stage?
Why would anyone go to a VC before seeking crowdfunding?
Should I buy my stock options?
How can we get a venture Capital or Round/Crowd Funding for a IT Based Private Limited Company in India?
Does life get scarier as you become richer?
What startup books or training resources do startup founders receive from their VC or seed-funding companies?
What are the best VC funds in France?
What are the most common funding options for startups?
What is the best way to develop a target list of VC prospects for a Series B FinTech round?
How do I get seed funding for my start up?
We need to raise a pre-seed round of $250 000. Is that too much to raise from Angels and too little for seed stage VCs?
How many separate funds does a typical venture capital firm manage?
How do I find good investors for my potential drug?
How can we raise $250K within 2 months for our LA based eSports startup even though we don't know any investors here?
Will AngelList syndicates kill off VC firms in the future?
What would be the best way for me to find small business angel investors in Canada?
How do I become a VC or angel investor?
What is the process that a US VC follows when investing in a foreign startup? Do they look to bring that startup to the US and fund it there? How does it work?
Why are the investors still funding Indian startups, despite they are going in loss?
Why would lawyers make great VCs according to Ted Wang?
As a first time startup, what is a good ROI for the first in seed/angel investor bringing in 250K?
Why do students need funding?
We're a VC firm based in Switzerland, looking to hire an intern for 20 hours per month (research, website, MailChimp). Any advice on where to post?
How can one start startup with no funding?
How much does the average entry level venture capital employee in NYC make in a year (with bonus)?
Are Compulsory Convertible Debentures (CCD's) that are conditionally non-diluteable Illegal and / or Non-Compliant with Regulator Norms in India?
Are venture Capital Finders/brokers frowned upon?
What are some reasons that a company heavily backed by prominent VCs and investors raise an extra round on a crowdfunding platform?
Was Beepi's ultimate demise due to a lack of understanding of Chinese VCs often breaking their commitments in deal flow?
How do I raise money in a startup without giving equity?
When startup owners sell stake in their company and get funding for that, where does the funding money go? Into the company or owners’ pocket?
Why should I consider using investors’ money if I can fund a business venture myself?
How can I find funding for a start up in petroleum sector? \
How can India become the world's hub of startups even without helping entrepreneurs converting LLPs into Pvt. Ltd.?
How can I raise capital for my finance trading this summer?
Does venture capital always need to exit its investments?
What is the valuation of Angry Birds now? Is the valuation of games a temporary one that vanishes within 1-3 years after the game is being released?
How did Flipkart get investment from investors?
How do I start a social enterprise without VC funding? And with very little money? If so, how?
How societies raise capital to set up an institute?
What operational activities a project manger does in an IT firm?
What are good ways to raise seed capital for a cyber security company in the UK? Would it be through VC, crowdfunding, or something else?
Is anyone interested for an online venture partnership?
Can we sue in a case against a builder who didn't follow the points mentioned in a joint venture agreement?
How did Quora spend the first 11M from Series A? And the 50M and 80M from the other rounds?
Would investors fund an app with a million downloads it not being a startup?
Where can I find a list of failed venture capital funds?
What should founders wear for a first meeting with VCs for first round of institutional capital in Silicon Valley?
What is the best venture for engineers?
What is the success rate of Vibrant Gujrat? Do all the MoUs realized? Do the investors really Invested as per their commitment?
How can an economics graduate venture into marketing?
Where do you get your first investment from to fund your very first idea?
How can CEO keep control over a Startup, despite getting money from outside (investors)?
Should I avoid pitching my start-up to Associates, and instead only pitch to the Partner of a VC firm?
What are the best VC firms to pitch education ideas?
Is venture-net partners a scam?
How do I get VCs to back me?
Do companies find it difficult to get approval on large capital funding for new technology implementation?
What are some common justifications general partners have to make to their limited partners in a venture fund when it comes to their investments?
Why would carryn owens go to the capital?
What are the networking websites for investors?
Why do people get so happy after receiving series A funding?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
How can a crowdfunding company be evaluated from a investor perspective?
What is the industry average equity stake for a non-founding CTO in a seed-stage startup?
Where can I find International angel investors or venture capitalists interested in investing in aquaculture business idea in Nigeria or West Africa?
Do venture capitalists in general get to buy shares of a company at a more favorable multiple than a company would trade at in an open market?
Feeling slightly depressed about a competing company, can I still overtake them?
Is it important for a start-ups to get investment?
If there is no precedence of a former employee going to a top b-school from a particular venture capital firm, is it a fair shot to work there?
How do I invest in venture capital?
Can capitalism be managed?
I have built an electric bike and I need investors to fund me so that I can start my company, what do I do?
What is the nearbuy revenue and valuation?
How do I get funding for an initial stage idea in India?
Would an angel investor be comfortable investing in a 1-man team?
How do you determine the value of a startup that hasn't sold any product yet (because it's in an early stage of development) but has a big market pot?
What is the ROI for a seed fund in India with an exit period of 2-3 yrs?
What should CEO/Founder need to do, to be approached by VCs?
How can I become an angel investor in India?
What is the need of venture capital?
What is the meaning of post issue paid up capital?
What needs to be included in an ideal email to a VC or angel investor who may want to invest in a non-tech pre-seed start-up?
What are some examples of Unicorn companies that have valuation without revenue?
What are the PE/VC firms which visit the IIMs.?
What are good places to crowd fund your company as an alternative or supplement to going the VC route?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
What kind of business can one venture into in Nigeria, West Africa with little capital?
What do you think about a social networking platform to easily connect with investors, VCs and other skilled folks to compliment your skill set for pursuing your business idea?
How do I write a good cover letter for a internship at a venture capital firm?
What kind of Future does a person Experienced in Microsoft COSMOS VC Has? +
What is the best method to pay an angel investor his money back in 3 years?
I have been asked when my startup will become profitable by a VC, what should be my answer?
What do venture capitalists look for when deciding to invest in an idea and a team?
What are the different ROI types for angel investors in India?
Why does Sequoia Capital transactions for Investments in India happen via Singapore?
What's the largest absolute dollar gain ever by a venture fund?
Do exists some professional services (firm, office, company) that helping entrepreneur to find/connect with investor?
How much did TOTVS invest in ZeroPaper?
How can secure seed capital for my app which has contracts with 17,000 customers?
How can I get an internship at a venture capital firm as a high school student?
Do you think companies like Dropbox and Uber are better off staying private, given the large availability of venture capital and bonds/debt financing?
How might I put together a report of venture Capital investment into a metro area by fund, total invested and average per investment?
How can a mobile app startup that has no income but has valuable user data raise fundings?
How do venture capitalists recover funds?
How do you build a technology company without any funding for under a year profitable exit?
Where could a disadvantaged women find $25,000 in capital for startup?
What would be a fair equity stake for three developers who developed our product as freelancers and now we want them on board?
How can I convince an investor for creating an air company?
Can a demo of my webapp attract seed/angel investors to actually develop the app?
Who can evaluate or provide feedback on my Idea?
What regulations are needed for venture capital and 401k?
Who are the main angel investors/seed VC's in insurtech in America? I have a insurtech startup and looking to raise funds in the next 6-9 months.
Do venture capitalists visit Manipal University?
What are some rookie mistakes founders make during VC meetings?
Where will I find Early Stage Investors immediately for my startup?
Who are the top entertainment VCs/Angels?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking venture Capital or angel money before you have paying customers?
What are the drawbacks (if any) of skipping a seed investment round and directly raising a couple of millions from VC?
What are the most important things to keep in mind when going for funding for an SAAS start-up? What would investors’ questions or concerns be?
Is my company eligible to receive funding?
What is the function of a bank’s international equity capital markets division?
What questions can a pitch maker ask the panel?
Is it okay to shutdown startup and join new venture?
What is the predominant route for exits by angel investors in India?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
How much money did virtuagym raise?
What is the problem with an idealist and an early stage entrepreneur trying to execute their idea? What if they can pitch directly to an industry expert, VCs, or an angel?
Are there situations where it's smart to take VC/Angel funding?
Do most startups launch before or after they've been funded?
Should I quit venture capital to join real estate private equity?
What kind of experience can you get by working at any kind of VC firm?
Why do VCs from other countries dont feel like investing and doing deals in India?
What should I ensure for recruitment in my social cause fund-raising startup. Salary structure offered is competitive with higher variable component?
Will a startup manage to get funding from investors if it doesn't have any users?
How much do Angel Investors invest in a prototype?
What is the objective behind startup valuation?
What are the legal steps to start an 'angel/seed fund' in India?
Why don't VC investors like husband-wife teams?
What's the most effective way to determine an investor's investment thesis before meeting with them?
How do I make the perfect pitch deck for angel investors?
I need to create an investment strategy for a new VC fund. Where do I start?
Is innovation trendy?
Promoter's holding % is calculated on authorised capital or the issued capital?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
Why do so many companies with no hope of being profitable get funded?
Will a CEO look like a greedy person if she/he wants money on the table from investors?
How much seed money would be good to raise with a net burn rate of $20k and current revenue MoM of 30%?
What stage do most investors want companies to be at before they invest?
When is the best time to go for VC funding?
Who is the "loser" when an investor invests in an eventually successful startup?
Is it possible to earn money every day in stock market?
Would a single YC safe for $3M dilute less than 3x $1M safe notes, at the same pre-money valuation?
What does it mean if a startup raises 2 rounds of the same series?
Would a convertible note with a lower cap trigger a downround from a previously priced round?
Where can we find seed investors in Mumbai?
How can an established small business raise more capital to invest in new equipment to update?
I, an Ivy League B-school graduate, am being approached to be the fourth person in a startup founded by another Ivy League graduate. What should I be wary of?
What do you think enterpreneur should do for fund, Should run for loan or find Investor?
There seems to be more young people starting VC firms that can't possibly be accredited. How are they legally structuring the venture capital firm?
How does the Waymo lawsuit affect Google Ventures' investment in Uber and vice-versa? How does the conflict of interest play out?
What happens if my venture fails and I pay back my investors?
Who can review business plans before they are reviewed by VC's and angel investors?
How can we raise funds to electrify a village in India? How do we reach potential donors?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What's your next venture?
How do I calculate share and percentage as an angel investor in India?
I want to start a company by raising fund through investor for my company how can I get profited and what will be the rules by investor?
Can I break into Biotech venture capital with a Ph.D. in chemistry/chemical biology?
What is capital funding in education?
There so many success stories (even just here on Quora), yet why don't they seem to appear in the censuses? Are people lying?
I have a VC (vedio conference) on the topic human traffic. How can I prepare for it?
Why should one work in private equity instead of banking or venture capital?
Should we raise investment as a bot development company?
What is going on with venture capital industry?
What does it take to get funding for your startup idea from investors like Chris Sacca and Mark Cuban?
What is firm specific advantage?
What are some stories that showcase the cleverness of entrepreneurs in personal interactions that helped them in business?
What are ways for VC to find proprietary deals?
Most books on getting VC capital and understanding how Venture Capital works are written by US authors. How relevant are these books to the UK’s demographic?
What are some great, creative ways to raise funds for disability cause?
What kind of ROI do investors expect after a month or a year?
How does a new proof of concept renewable energy startup find the right lead investor and or mentors?
How do you manage post-investment? Can you recommend any report system that work well in First Round Capital?
Can someone establish a firm without a capital?
How do I raise the funds for a new startup?
Which investors, angels, and venture capitalists invest in African hardware startups?
Is Uber a Ponzi scheme?
What are the 5 key milestones (with targets) that you expect to achieve over the next 100 days?
What do investors mean when they say 26% stake with a valuation of 4 crores?
How and from whom have you been able to raise venture capital?
What are the two biggest problems for venture capitalists?
What are the three interesting problems that startups can solve—and secure VC money?
I have been asked by a non-U.S. VC firm to assist them in raising $ in the U.S. As a non-employee do I need to register as a B/D?
What kind of ARR and growth will SaaS companies need to raise with Series A financing in 2017?
How did you network when you moved into VC?
What does G3i ventures do?
Is dating girls a good way to test my convincing capability for my startup?
Are there Angel investors or early stage VC's looking to invest in AR/VR startup?
How do angel investors work in India?
What kinds of companies is Dropbox seeking to invest in?
I am part of strategic investment unit for a tier 1 bank. How can I transfer to a VC firm?
As a startup without a co-founder, how did you convince a venture capitalist or angel investor to fund you?
What type of investors should be approached when fundraising for a social app that has been funded by the cofounders and developed 100%?
How do I transition from corporate banking to IB / PE / VC in India? Is it very difficult?
How do I get into venture capital or equity investment right out of college?
Can a Seed or Angel Round be too big?
What are terms on which investors fund startups (what is mechanism of investors’ funding in case of profit as well as loss)?
Is there any good startup which can be start without huge financial funding?
Who are the best VCs and angel investors in the Southeast in terms of backing successful companies? Who are the most accessible?
What would your strategy be if you can’t find an investor when you have a good project?
How can you raise investment funds on FundAmerica?
What tech stocks have dropped below IPO price on the first day?
Can you name some of the Melbourne based VCs that invest in early stage prerevenue or development phase startups?
When do you accept an investor to bring external CEO?
What do angel investors or startup investors generally expect and what motivates them?
Has anyone pitched to Akshay Bhushan of Light Speed for funding?
Where does First Round Capital deal flow come from?
How did Peter Thiel go from law school to PayPal?
What structure should Founders use to invest after Series A when VC's delay Series B or C closing for negotiating advantage?
What is Aviral Bhatnagar's favorite startup and why?
How did you get into venture capital?
How do I find funds received by any Indian NGO?
How can startup founders get the most out of their relationship with investors?
How do you build your networks as a junior VC?
My bootstrapped product is growing (and earning) steadily despite seed funded startups that have popped up. What should I do with it?
Is it possible to avoid the complications of joint ownership of software IP by forking the code and giving each party ownership of their own instance?
Where can I find a finder or broker to raise $1M for my company?
Which companies has the Breakthrough Energy Coalition funded?
How can I raise money from the public to realize my dream being an entrepreneurship? Is it illegal to call these money as donation?
How do you get into the venture capital (as an entrepreneur and an employee)?
How do I sell my application to transport companies?
Who are the top social networking VCs/Angels?
Is there any posibility to raise new big startup that could compete or at least survive from the big 4 tech giants?
Where can I find more information about FinTech?
Is it likely that half of all tech unicorns could go public in 2017?
How do I make money in venture capital or equality investment right out of college?
What is a good college to go to for venture capital?
What is a typical compensation structure for a third-party registered investment adviser tasked with raising some capital for a VC fund?
Do venture capitalists have idle cash?
What is the average multiple return of a seed/angel VC fund?
I have developed a herbal-mineral cream for eczema to suppress itching in 24 hours. How can I approach VCs to fund clinical trial in the US?
Is it a good idea for a corporate lawyer (M&A, PE and VC specialist) to pursue MBA?
Which are the best angel investor websites in India that support start ups?
If you are an investor, what will you look for before you invest in a company?
Most of VC's like to fund IT startups '' new software inventions '' . How to find VC's could fund real things, like engineering new tech copter?
We are a bootstrapped start-up and not looking to raise funds for the next year but are facing a tough time hiring an "A" team. Any ideas?
As a VC or angel investor, how did you get convinced by a startup without a co-founder?
As an angel investor, how do you get used to less structure like a 9 to 5 job?
How do I value a pre-revenue start-up?
What are the best ways to invest in esports today? How would an investor go about this?
What is % track record over the last 10 years for Sequoia Capital?
How does The Viral Fever earn money, what is their business model?
Why hasn't Apple, Google, etc developed cool glasses with a heads up display that I can control with hand gestures and voice/whisper?
Is there room for non-traditional investors in the VC industry?
Would an investor from your LinkedIn or Angel.co network be open to take a critical look at your executive summary?
Will investors be more inclined to invest if I guarantee 50% of their money back with my own collateral?
How do I start a VC?
How should entrepreneurs approach the valuation question?
Can Trump fund a boom by allowing companies to bring offshore funds back to the USA?
How can I raise money on YouTube?
How much paid-up capital is required?
What company do with investment Money?
Why are there so few women angel investors in India?
How many startups have been funded by Calcutta Angels? And how many of them received 'Series A' post initial funding?
Is it necessary that the two parties must have equal control on management in joint venture?
Should I join a startup or work at a VC fund for 3 months prior to business school?
Should I put an investment ask in my seed deck?
When a venture-funded startup sells for less than the value of investors' liquidation preferences, do founders really get nothing?
What questions can you expect for a job interview from an early stage VC?
What will be the next big VC backed startup to come out of Atlanta?
What is the best way to leverage an M&A offer to increase valuation for the next round?
Is it really difficult to find early investors, if the startup is at initial stage at zero revenue?
What is the meaning of venture-caliber return when talking about startups fundraising?
What are your preferred exit strategies when you make your early-stage investments? Do you have a strategy when you initiate each new investment?
What should an investment deck contain?
How did you raise the money for "Tiny furniture"?
How do you gauge if a seed round term-sheet is a fair deal?
I have an idea that's a guaranteed hit, but requires quite a lot of startup capital. Where's the best place to find investors to make this happen?
What are some trending ventures to start in India?
How can I raise money for a new startup?
What is meant by Joint venture Legal Fees?
To what extent do authors go to sell their very first book?
What is the best way to find angel investors or venture capital?
Are there VC that invest in African Start Ups?
Why should one work in venture capital instead of other finance sectors?
Why is doing a startup more fun than being an angel investor?
What is the best way to narrow down which VC firm works in your industry?
Who are some people or groups that invest in early stages of a product?
What is the issue of politicization in selection of VCs in India?
Should you choose institutional investors like VCs and organised angels or should you choose HNI (Rich people)?
Who are the investors in TAVHealth?
Can you raise funds concurrently under both 506(c) and Reg CF?
What advice do you have for somebody who is new to the VC and Startup space?
Why do venture capital firms specialize in different stages? Can a good firm be "stage agnostic"?
How lucrative is cash conversion cycle of 60 to 120 days to investors?
How many of the total jobs in Silicon Valley are in VC funded private companies compared to public ones?
What are the most important characteristics that an investor or a VC firm should have?
Is there a viable path forward for Zenefits given that they laid off half their employees?
Can you guys share some venture capitalists name who are working in Bangladesh for ICT startup?
What makes a pre-revenue start-up attractive to seed investors?
Where can a non-EU, non-US citizen (resident) seek US and EU angel investors for his promising tech start-up?
How do I invest money by SBI capital in self?
What are some classes venture capitalist wish they took in college?
Why aren't more women founders getting funded?
What is the VC climate like in Silicon Valley right now (February 2017)?
Are VC's willing to sell their startup equity in the secondary market?
Can you sell your "6 month IPO lockup period" stock through a private transaction?
In a professional sense, such as CA, consulting or VC contexts, how do you really become comfortable with numbers? How do you know if you are?
Are there Angels and/or VCs that specialize in investing in higher education, marketing technology companies?
Are there any examples of con artists launching "startups" to swindle VC money?
How do I approach seed funding for IT based Startup?
How does Softtech VC compared to other early stage seed investor in SF?
Who are the current set of investors in India focusing at Healthcare startups?
What are the biggest struggles during the Series B funded part of Startup growth?
What do you think of Steve Case's argument that VCs should invest in cities like Omaha and Minneapolis?
How much equity can be given to an investor investing 2-5 lakh in a venture during ideation stage and founder is not putting any money in the venture?
What's the best VC pitch deck?
From where does the NBFCS get funds to lend?
What does a "capital partnering" professional in a private equity firm do?
How can I get seed funding for my startup before registering the company?
Can a Muslim become a capitalist?
Is venture capital the biggest cash crop in business?
How does one keep investors once one has earned them?
What are the most important things for early-stage startups to do to become successful?
As an angel investor or Venture capitalist, what is it like to hear a pitch from a startup founder who is on H1-B visa?
What all Urban Ladder included in their start-up pitch for seed funding? Did they prepared a Prototype website for pitching?
What does the VC investment process look like from the inside (from initial meeting to closing)?
How can I raise an IT company?
Who are the best angel investors/seed funds in the UK?
How can I make a bunch of money by starting in venture capital?
Will more jobs be created in USA, if H1B visa holders are let to start a business?
How do I check which startups from an investor's portfolio have failed?
What are the pros and cons of angel investors vs micro or seed VCs?
What is the best way to make more money on venture capital?
What do startup CEOs use for tracking relationships and communication with investors and potential partners?
Will there be a marketing system-of-record the same way there is a sales system-of-record (Salesforce)?
What are the things do investors expecting from entrepreneurs to invest on their startup?
I'm 29, have $200k in the bank and continue to save $40k a year. How can I make use of this to make $15k a month passively by 35?
How do I find investors in cosmetic industry?
What are some $10 words used by VCs and investors?
What is the process of funding a startup as venture capitalist?
How do I conduct venture capital due diligence on a promising new biotech discovery?
How do you manage post-investment? Is there any report system suitable for post-deal management?
Is it going to affect my venture if my idea is not related to the stream in which I have done graduation?
Is it likely we could sell an investor an option over equity to get some establishment funds?
Is it a concern to VCs for a startup CEO to pay himself minimum wage in exchange for higher equity?
Who were the great investors who made lots of money from the dot-com bubble?
Do venture capitalists invest in airlines?
I have to sell raffle tickets to raise money for my school. No one wants to buy them. What's another good way to fund raise?
From an investor's perspective, what are the advantages to a safe over a convertible note for a seed-stage investment?
Should I pay back the money to the investor when the business fails?
What is the approximate ROI of the 10 largest VC firms in the United States?
Would Silicon Valley VC’s invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
Can $2,000 start up a biscuit producing venture?
Why did you take the venture funded route?
How does Dan Primack's Pro Rata compare to Erin Griffith's Term Sheet?
What is the Pan-European VCS?
On what stage do investors give money to a startup? Is tested MVP enough?
What are some crazy stories of entrepreneurs talking their way into meetings, or out of something negative?
I have a construction firm in Africa but it's not growing; how can I get partners abroad to come and invest?
What's the best way to set aside shares for future advisors?
Who are the current rising stars in venture capital industry?
What numbers do VC looks ina startup for funding?
What are some avenues of raising funds to start a manufacturing unit?
If the world was "reset," how likely would capitalism come to prominence?
Can startups skip angel investors and work directly with VC firms, and why?
Who are the movers and shakers in Fintech capital market startups?
How are Non-Exec Director fees set for boards of PE or VC funds with an LP-GP structure?
How does raising money for a cause help it?
What is the best way to get angel investor for a local business concept in an emerging market?
How much did Bezahlt.de raise?
Do venture capital funds get higher returns than hedge funds?
What are the best books and resources for learning how to be a great tech VC?
Is the startup landscape in 2017 similar to that of 1998?
How many startups raised more than 1M$ in 2015?
How many seed stage VC funds are there globally?
I am the Director of Outreach for the venture Capital Club at Rutgers University. Is anyone with experience interested in coming to speak to my club?
What are the VC dimensions of the mathematical models used in physics?
Where is a good place to start looking for venture capitalist funds?
How do I value intellectual property prior to raising venture capital?
I (hypothetically) made a $2500 bet on the presidential election with a few startup founders. Should I publicly shame them for not paying?
What are angel investors and venture capitalists?
What are some early stage startups (less than a year-old) in Bangalore?
What are the criteria and requirements to get funded?
Can a person be a general partner at a VC fund and a venture partner at another VC firm at the same time?
What are some of the early stage strategies for any startup?
What are the top VC funds for societal impact?
What's the average capital of a newly-established VC firm?
How do I excel in financial due diligence?
Has anyone successfully pitched investors without using a pitch deck?
How can I inject funds into my own startup every quarter without increasing authorised capital?
What are the tips for impressing investors when pitching?
If you had a 20M VC fund, would you make many seed investments (100k) in startups and then follow up, or start with a few bigger ones (1M-2M$)?
What are examples of great early stage startup websites?
What are the cost expenditures to think about while starting a new SaaS?
What is capital adequacy?
What are examples of technical and at the same time non-technical founders of startups? Are there ones?
How can I know that a company fundamentals are improving at an early stage?
What is it like being in the accelerator program at Axilor Ventures?
What elements are required to build a comprehensive start-up deck for seed funding?
How can one get a VC job in Singapore?
What is a venture capital startup?
Is it very hard to get a job at a VC firm?
What role does design play in investing and VCs?
Where does WebBank get the capital to lend many billions to the likes of Lending Club?
What is the fastest way to raise money for a mentoring program?
When will company returns raised money from IPO?
How old does a company have to be in order to attract investors to it?
Where can I get an angel investor who are interested in seed funding an IT start-up in Kenya?
What is the best startup pitch, not pitch deck, that you have seen?
Do investment banks work with pre-revenue tech startups who want to sell?
How is the ideal teaser for prospective VC´s?
What angel investor groups are there in Chennai?
Which is easiest - getting a job in a hedge fund, or raising seed capital for a startup?
When evaluating pre-money valuation of a technology startup and there are 100b shares outstanding is it better to make the stock price $0.50 or $1.00?
Who are the VCs in the field of medical devices in France?
Who are the best early-stage (seed and series A funded) start up founders in India?
Are venture capital firms involved in the daily management decisions of their portfolio companies?
How do I hire someone to help with raising seed capital?
Why aren't VCs too eager to invest in online dating startups?
What is the best way to explain to investors previous rollercoaster revenues?
How do I get an investor for my health cure?
What are the prospects of the venture capital industry in terms of automation, or you being replaced by robots?
What's the estimated ARR of Basecamp in 2017?
We are one year old, is this right time to approach for investors?
Where do I find creative financing for unique OP?
How do I decide the optimum paid up capital for my company?
What type of startups are of the most interest to investors in FinTech?
What are some New York VC firms interested in advanced materials and/or machine learning?
At which age are entrepreneurs more likely to receive funding from investors?
What happens when a VC firm disbands?
What are the features of venture capital financing?
Can a company seeking venture investment advertise that fact on its website? What are the rules on this?
How do I approach American VCs and Business Angels being in Europe?
Can I raise seed funds by cold-emailing after raising $65,000 from a known private investor?
How did Uber raise so much money?
What is the best strategy for a new internet startup with a live prototype, What do you first focus on? Do you start looking for customers or funding?
Do venture capitalists fund partnership firms?
What are the possible exit strategies for investors in an e-commerce venture?
How do I fund a company with a tested product, that is pre-revenue?
Are most seed stage VCs open to investing in two direct competitors?
Can anyone provide any information about the incubation program launched by advantedge in Noida?
How can I figure out how much money to ask for from a VC for a tech startup?
Are there companies which help other company to pitch investors?
Should I get a degree if I want to found a startup, or is it a waste of time?
How do I get funding for my police related startup?
Where can I get complete information on venture debt companies in the USA?
We have been building an AI platform, with algorithms that are custom developed. Which VC firms will support our capital-intensive venture?
Who can help me get and keep a job in venture capital [without a degree]?
Do venture capitalists and the industry discriminate against older founders?
What type of fintech companies are great investments but difficult to understand?
What is the best unusual business advice you received?
What's a good way to offer/negotiate long term design services with a VC firm?
What do you think of Arnab's new venture 'Republic'?
What motivated you to leave a comfortable life to venture into education sector?
How do you do so much with your time and still manage to be in great shape, raise a family, and open new ventures?
Is Knightscope a good investment?
Would attending angel investor meetings be a good way to transition into a job in venture capital?
What is authorized capital and why it is necessary?
Where do companies and related firms post their reports?
How is consolidatory fund different from contingency fund?
What are the differences between companies funded versus rejected by venture capitalists?
What venture capitalists invest in material science companies?
As a software developer who wants to work at a venture capitalist, what is the best role to get my foot in the door?
How is the number of board seats of a company determined?
Where does a portfolio manager go after his fund blows up?
Can I use alternative facts in a pitch deck to VC's?
Are non-profit organisations allowed to get involved in for-profit ventures, i.e. investing in a startup in a similar industry?
Where can I invest 5000$ as angel investor? And how to avoid highly premoney evaluation?
I have a business plan ready for a startup in renewable energy. May I get to know which VC firms can provide funds?
How do you calculate cost of equity for an unlisted company?
What is the minimum amount a VC can invest in an education startup in India?
What are the names of private equity firms in the San Francisco area that invest in Middle market companies?
I remember seeing news coverage of Docs operating on VC who'd been shot by M79 grenades. Did the M79 have enough muzzle velocity to penetrate flesh?
Will IPOs come to an end soon?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
Why are burgeoning tech startups like Snapchat popular with investors when they release statements “we may never achieve or maintain profitability”?
I was asked by a VC to support them as a consultant to make a deal materialize. Besides daily fee am I entiteled to a success fee and which?
Is EdTech underrepresented compared to other sectors (FinTech, FoodTech, etc.) ? If so, why?
What is the best degree to study if you want to work in a VC firm or related field.?
How much did Trustbills raise?
Where can you find venture capitalists interested in the African real estate market?
Any VC for ideation stage startup?
Which startups have raised over a $100mm with in 5 years?
Do you have to be rich to join a VC firm as a VC?
What are the operation of a firm?
Is it ethical to go off and create my own company if I think I can execute on a new product concept better than management?
Will venture capital soon come to an end?
How did you get seed capital for your business?
Who are some VC's that invest in game app companies?
Why did EverQuote get funded $23M?
What are reasons to not invest in companies started by dropouts?
How are thousands of so called "Founders of startups" surviving in Bangalore? What do they do for a living as most startups are not even funded?
What are the best options to raise capital for a business?
How can I raise an offshore fund to invest in India?
What is the best way to get seed investment in Bangalore and where can I find them?
How much did Flexpayment raise?
Which company has excess working capital?
How do VC's evaluate a startup's security protocols during due diligence?
Why don't companies like Stripe or 2checkout use Transferwise for settlement?
How pro-company should a seed equity round be when there is no lead investor demanding terms?
What is the best way to get in touch with a venture capitalist in the UK?
What are the essentials of due diligence when investing?
What are the most surprising things in Snap's S-1?
What is the ratio of investment in a joint capital venture?
What is the difference between equity and capital?
What do venture capital firms bring to the table other than money? How do they help start ups?
What should I expect on a Sr. Associate interview at a venture Capital?
What are the best ways to fund a hardware startup as an alternative to VC / angel funding?
Why is most VC funding in US dollars?
What are some of the interesting startup which get failed due to funding and financial problems?
Who has been the most succesful angels/VCs in India?
Are there any angel investors in Chennai?
Where and how do you find pre seed investors?
What's the difference between the way angels and VCs approach portfolio management?
How does a CEO determine what amount to raise in each round of investment?
How do exit strategies for start-ups really work for founders (not investors) in terms of a percentage share, post exit?
Should I intern at a boutique TMT firm or a well known VC firm my junior year of college if I want to end up in PE one day?
Which sectors does Sequioa Capital invest in?
How much programming skills should you master before you start venturing as a start up company?
Is it advisable to express to VC that one of your main activities is learning?
How do private equity firms and acquisitive companies originate acquisitions?
Who are visionary VCs?
How do I fund a start-up at ideation stage?
Would a tech-minded VC rather hire someone with VC experience or someone that worked on a start-up of their own?
What is the difference between what shareholders vote on and board members vote on? We’re trying to understand some basics in corporate governance.
What is investment model?
How do you raise money for a website startup in Dubai?
How do VCs partner with banks?
Does a financial model based on industry ratios have any value for a startup looking to raise money?
Do master-feeder funds invest in start-ups?
How does rrbs raise capital from external investor other than central and state government?
What does a non-tech CEO do everyday after raising funds?
With which Chinese investment company did LinkedIn make a joint venture?
How much equity do I allocate to my friends and family as initial investors in my venture?
What are the most optimal strategies to raise a $3m seed round in SF in 2017?
Which are the most notable tech company turnarounds?
The most successful entrepreneur and investor in our industry contacted our startup, but he has already invested in a competitor so what does he want?
What are some early stage startups that will become unicorns in 2017?
Why there is only two successful exits on Crowdcube since 2011?
How do telecommunications companies & other capital intensive industries fund their business activities?
Do venture capitalists check bank statement for revenue or just trust the data given by founders?
What is the difference between Angel Investor and Proxy Investor?
How do VCs prepare their own deck?
Should I introduce myself to this VC partner?
What investor presentation do you use when you raise a million dollars?
Are there any VCs in Aus/US that I can source and analyze startups for remotely?
Which angel investor would be interested in a laundry service startup?
Who are the top PaaS VC/Angels?
What is the valuation of my company?
Do investors from the US might be interesting investing in others countries like Tunisia? A Tech Startup
How do investors invest? Do they pay in cash or just bring money to finance projects?
What is professional way to negotiate term sheet, valuation with a VC?
How do I get VC funding at 17 years old?
What is the capitalist mode of production?
Can a company do business without a clear USP? What is the difference between USP and UVP?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk a good first investor for a startup?
Which VCs are active in Healthcare IT, Digital Health, and mHealth?
How can I get in touch with investors?
How does the FPO help to increase your paid-up capital?
What retail tech is currently being funded?
What is the best way to tap into investor capital for different projects?
Is Iconiq Capital a founder friendly venture firm?
What are the biggest problems with consumer internet non-technical founders from a VC perspective?
What is revenue-based financing, and who are the best at this, in the US?
I'm in Callahan, Florida and have a tech startup. What is the best way to get noticed by preseed/seed investors when you live in a small town?
How messy is the process of choosing an independent board member(s) of a venture backed company?
Can I pay my CTO as a contractor prior to his reaching his equity cliff?
Do online grocery services like Bigbasket, Grofers, Localbanya, Zopnow and PepperTap engage customers in India through offers or services?
I would like to work at a venture Capital firm as someone who discovers businesses to invest in. What role should I apply for?
Are there historical returns comparing PE and VC?
Where can I get the latest Veritas VCS-275 VCE files?
How can you know if any US-based tech startups/early stage companies are interested to set up in India?
I want to serve as a small time angel investor to a home for the handicapped in India, what challenges should I be prepared for?
How does fillr.com earn money?
Do venture capital companies have to be licensed to get funding from lp's?
Can we say VCS works on J-T effect?
Is there anybody on Quora whose venture has been recognized as a "startup" in the Startup India program?
How do I start a venture fund in India?
Is it necessary to make the fully working product before fund raise? Or can I go for prototype first!
Could you kill a startup by raising too much funding?
What does it mean to be part of a successful exit?
How do I connect with investors for funding in our start up through internet or any social media?
What is Flipkart's stock distribution between various funders and founders?
What are some good examples of capitalism?
What is it like to work at consulting firm which is at an early stage?
Can Lyft survive as an independent company?
What is the valuation of Demo Diva Demolition?
Can early stage (seed) funding be used to develop a prototype?
What are some great resources for entrepreneurs who are looking for angel investors and don't know where to begin?
Can I still grow my company without raising funds from anybody?
Where is Excelsior Ventures located in Mysore?
How much is the paid-up capital?
What attributes are venture capitalists looking for when considering tech startups?
Which exponential ventures and medical companies are going public in 18 months?
What are the newest VC firms in NYC with interest in AR?
How do get USA VC to invest on your idea (NEW model of B2B marketplace) when you are out of USA?
Can one receive funding from foreign countries for a business venture based in South Africa?
What is the best way to get a VC?
Is it reasonable to negotiate a provision that requires VCs to remove themselves from the board after a 10x ROI?
Can I get funding for my startup if I am not from IIT and haven't done any job?
How can I locate venture capital for my startup?
What is the process to acquire funding for a startup?
Why do venture capitalists refuse to sign NDA?
What percentage of Series A deals in the United States are from Y Combinator, Techstars, and 500 startups?
I need funds for a prototype, should I get an Angel Investor, is that what seed funding is?
What's the average pre money valuation for a startup in a seed round in the Bay Area?
Do state-owned VCs exist?
Does having a startup that gets acquired look good on your resume?
What is a VC for a passport?
How do l find investors interested in cement production?
As an investor, if you could ask founders only one question before making a funding decision, what would it be?
Is it a good practice in the executive summary of a start-up with good traction (4 years) to divide the full funding needed to tranches?
How common is it for PhDs to do due diligence for VCs?
What are the key terms that should be in an angel investment term sheet?
Is seed funding from Angel/VC used for developing a prototype?
What are some creative alternatives to forming a C corp in order to get investments from angels or VCs?
Is it permitted for a US resident alien to have money invested in European investment funds?
Are there VC shops that use a contrarian strategy?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
What is super charged capitalism?
How many investors do you need to raise a million dollars?
I have finished developing a working app that has innovated the concept of chat and sharing. What's next?
Does Trello being acquired by Atlassian mean more market share for my similar startup and how would you capitalize on the situation?
As a entrepreneur How much & how to dilute equity to angel investors for 30 lakh investment? What should be the ideal terms&conditions and exit term?
How can you see if there is a market for your product idea?
How does it feel the moment your startup is funded?
How did David Knopf become partner at 3G Capital?
Why are angel investors seldom found in Pakistan?
Is it possible to hire top-end programmers into a seed-stage startup?
Will equity crowdfunding replace angel investors?
How can I find an investor to my furniture company with a 1 million endorsement?
Which creative early-stage startup funding stories are out there?
How easy or difficult is it to get a second round of investment for startups?
Is the funder investment deluting the share capital?
I am 16 and looking to raise 10,000 to invest in a business. How can I raise this money?
A) Does your investor and their team have to understand the technology? B) Do investors need to understand the tech to make the decision to invest?
Can a VC firm sell equity on equity crowdfunding platforms?
Does a network marketing venture that works on the principle of only sharing links make sense?
How do I raise money for my fashion career?
Can a startup that was founded as an LLC raise a series A using a SAFE (Simple Agreement For Equity)?
How does Uber manage to raise more funding despite high losses and its struggle for profitability?
I plan on starting a VC firm. I need to write a memorandum. Can anyone help me with the objectives that are needed?
Does it matter to the VCs and angel investors if a startup founder(s) invested their own cash?
Does the fact that Uber has borrowed money mean that it has already burned through all of its venture capital money?
How was investing with Virtua Partners?
What type of AI and in what industry will AI have the largest impact in 2017?
How can founders exchange info about their VCs or angels without stressing the relationship to their own VCs or angels?
I want to start a venture catering to the dietary needs of people in ahmadabad, which portal should I connect to?
How is PivotDesk performing? After one fundraiser many years ago, it has not been in any news.
What did Trello's cap table look like when it was acquired by Atlassian?
How does a venture capitalist, which is leading a round of funding, find other firms to invest with them?
What are typical terms for someone investing capital in a startup? Private party wants to fund my start up, what would be a good deal for both?
Do seed funding VC/angel investors need a prototype? Or is a Business Plan, and a Team enough?
What challenges do women have when seeking funding?
Are there existing companies that started as Crowd funded (i.e. Kickstarter) but went the VC backed route (e.g. Y Combinator) some time after?
How do I convert CAP to SAP?
How can I raise money for my startup?
What are some independent projects in finance or venture capitalism for a student?
What is capital structure, and what are the principles of capital structure management?
What would an appropriate valuation be for a SaaS (serving small businesses) with $20mm revenue and 70% margins?
Is the new legal system for venture capital funds in the UAE good or stifling for investors?
What is meant by an equity firm, equity capital and other terms assosciated with equity?
What is the equivalent of the European PSD2 regulation in the United States?
What are the problems and benefits associated with capitalism?
What's the best way to pitch a product to VCs that has a total market size of 10 million people (in US)?
How can I get sponsors/investors for my social network app concept?
How can I raise fund for an online shop in Nigeria?
What are Capex charges?
How invest 5000 USD in my MVP?
Which angels/VCs look at pre-seed deals?
When do startup investors and startups sign mutual NDAs?
How and what should we invest a capital in India?
What do founders expect from a VC/BA ?
Which VC funded Indian startup has made a profit in last 5 yeas?
I am an entrepreneur, and seeking funding, if I have a personal bankruptcy, will investors still give me money or not?
Why should one pitch to VCs and not angel investors?
What is the best online investment firm?
Are American VCs and angel investors likely to invest in a team working in USA but product focused outside USA?
Why should one pitch to angel investors and not VCs?
Why does Google (continue to) invest in developing Google Maps?
Why would a VC invest in low profitability startups?
What are some ways to receive research funding as a company?
What is the biggest problem of VCs worth solving?
I'm working on a classified startup. How should I plan for marketing of this venture, so that I can meet expenses via bootstrapping?
Is it advisable to buy a plot in the Suvarnabhoomi venture at Shadnar?
How much revenue does Practo generate annually? What is the company's valuation while raising Series D funding of $55m?
How many total emails should I send potential investors for my startup?
Is Sarepta Therapeutics correctly valued?
Can investors sue the founder of a startup if it fails?
What is the reputation of Ferris Capital?
Are you a failed ecoomerce startup wanting to sell email databases you purchased with VC funds?
What is the leading driver of valuation multiples?
What kind of background check do VCs do on the entrepreneurs they fund?
Should the founder demand their salary as part of business plan while trying to get funding?
How much VC funding would I need to build an adult theme park?
How should I prepare for seed fund?
Can a venture capital firm launch more than one fund at a time if it has a different focus?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
What was the venture planning of Amazon startup?
Should MaizeGDB receive taxpayer funding?
How is Adbusters funded?
How does an IPO raise money for a company if all the shares are coming from current equity owners?
What does Twitter need to do to get market cap above $100B?
What could Mars send back in a SpaceX return vehicle that could be profitable here on Earth?
Does a multiple exit strategy for investors, attract investors?
How do I find a good venture capitalist for Agri Business?
What is the basic difference between an angel investor and a venture capitalist?
What are the VC funds that have the best connection with USA mobile service providers (T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon etc.)?
As an early stage investor, how can I prevent myself from getting excessively crammed down in future rounds of financing?
How does raising money for a cause help it?
What are the best ideas for a startup in Germany in 2017 with just a 10.000 Euro investment?
What % of my company should I give to angel investors?
Do venture capital funds get higher returns than hedge funds?
How can I invest a significant amount of capital in Quora?
Does the New Media Ventures fund take equity?
What are some lies startup founders tell themselves?
What smaller companies should we be investing in?
How do I convince an investor to accept royalties instead of equity (they also happen to be our first major customer)?
What are the VC dimensions of the mathematical models used in physics?
A Sequoia venture partner invited me for a dinner. Is this early for me?
Why is Cloudera only seeking to raise $200 million from its IPO given its $4.1 billion valuation?
What is the difference between Angel Investor and Proxy Investor?
How long will it take VC to reply to emails?
Is it possible to just get funding from 500 Startup without going for their seed program?
Can a CA startup take an investment from non-accredited investors if they've been publicly soliciting and are trying to raise more than $1M this year?
Who are the top PaaS VC/Angels?
What are the highest technology exit multiples in the last 3 years?
Which investors, angels, and venture capitalists invest in African hardware startups?
Should I invest in sagoon startup, based in US?
Which funds or Angels are investing in home utility startups in India?
How can a social entrepreneur raise funds through Bitcoin?
Has anyone successfully pitched investors without using a pitch deck?
What comes to mind when you hear the term "data-driven VC" or "data-driven venture capital investing"?
What are the top 5 annual hi-tech/IT startup events (founders, investors, VCs) in the States?
Can I get 150k investment in my early stage startup?
What should I choose, a venture firm investing just the money or a venture firm investing money and resources (i.e. a software team)?
How does an African based startup raise venture funds or angel funding?
As an entrepreneur pursuing a business idea, should I approach VCS, and if so, when should I?
How do I convince the VCs' in the USA to invest in my company which is building a tech product?
Why does a firm use a hydraulics system for an oil-free screw compressor?
As an Angel investors or VC have you heard any interesting idea that could kill Airbnb model (not competitor websites)?
What are the legal steps to set up/incorporate a VC fund in India?
I'm in Callahan, Florida and have a tech startup. What is the best way to get noticed by preseed/seed investors when you live in a small town?
Can I raise multiple safe instruments (or crowd safe) at the same time?
How can I identify a good angel investor?
Is crowdfunding for me if I have enough money to start my venture?
How do startups raise a lot of funding?
How does VC compare, in ROI terms, to other investment sectors, such as private equity, commercial property, and listed companies in a country, say the USA or UK?
Is money first and foremost in a capitalist country?
What are the general startup pre-series A investment and the fund spending distribution?
What are good discovery tools for angel investors who want to focus on social good?
Where can I get the latest Veritas VCS-275 VCE files?
Is the due diligence a phase of investment/aquisition a nervous time for founders?
Are there any investors here on Quora who are interested in or have actually invested in social network apps?
What software is recommended to use to create a venture capital pitch deck?
How do you create an Internet joint venture partnership?
Could you kill a startup by raising too much funding?
Who are the most trustworthy/recommended VC's in South Florida?
What startup accelerators, incubators, and investors (VCs and angels) focus on mining tech and/or natural resources?
How do I connect with investors for funding in our start up through internet or any social media?
Are there significant differences between NYC angel investors and those in Silicon Valley, in terms of what they want in a pre-revenue pitch/plan?
What structure should Founders use to invest after Series A when VC's delay Series B or C closing for negotiating advantage?
What does it mean when a VC asks you to describe "your projected traction in the market"?
What are some ways for a new angel investor to find a mentor?
Do venture capital firms typically drug test interns?
In a partnership firm, why are drawings against capital debited to the partners’ capital account?
Does life get scarier as you become richer?
Should I accumulate Indiabulls Ventures on dips?
What are the procedures for starting an Angel Fund for funding startups in India?
What are the features of venture capital financing?
Where can I find a finder or broker to raise $1M for my company?
Which one is a better platform to find investors, Kickstarter, Angel Investors, or ideaofentrepreneur.com?
What is the best way to raise more capital for your business?
Which companies has the Breakthrough Energy Coalition funded?
How does a valuation of a tech startup work?
What is the process that a US VC follows when investing in a foreign startup? Do they look to bring that startup to the US and fund it there? How does it work?
Do you need an investment banker to raise capital?
What are some good channels for angel investors to find potential investments?
Can I raise seed funds by cold-emailing after raising $65,000 from a known private investor?
What is the funding limit reconciliation in PMP?
Has VC investment going down in India?
Netflix is raising another 1 billion in debt financing to pay for originals. Where does the money come from?
What are the less understood ramifications of taking too much or too little money from investors/VCs/etc?
What is the difference between specific partnership and joint venture?
What are the best websites to find companies that need funding?
Would it help me to land a VC job if I start investing in public tech stocks?
How do I raise money in a startup without giving equity?
Why is Flipkart still looking for investors, as their founders are billionaires, now? They can help themselves.
What's your experience with a software development shop pivoting to sell a product?
How do I convince someone to fund my startup?
What is the difference between a PPM, information memorandum, and an offering document for a fund?
Is it a good practice in the executive summary of a start-up with good traction (4 years) to divide the full funding needed to tranches?
What is the difference between pre-seed and pre-startup round and which one is more important?
Can you get a VC investment from just an idea, or must you have a registered company?
What are some good capital funded ventures and how do I get them?
Can you come to Parma (Italy) to evaluate an investment if I demonstrate to you with an email the potentiality of my startup?
Why would a Series A funded startup join a pitch competition?
What was the first venture of Gandhi?
Which are some fund raising companies for India?
Does Nassim Taleb invest in VC or early-stage startups?
Is anyone interested for an online venture partnership?
What are the best ways to invest in esports today? How would an investor go about this?
What is the best way to establish contact with, and bring an IoT startup opportunity to, a billionaire to consider investing in a $200M round?
What is the funding issue with the NETELLER service?
What are documents investors require from their invested startups on a daily/weekly/monthly basis?
What are some ways for a revenue generating waste recycling and management venture to raise funding and scale?
I have finished developing a working app that has innovated the concept of chat and sharing. What's next?
Do angel investors invest in remote teams?
Are all investors limited partners? Can existing limited partners apply to become general partners?
How should entrepreneurs approach the valuation question?
Why did Andreessen Horowitz invest in blockchain startups like OpenBazaar?
How much paid-up capital is required?
How attractive is my company for Series A?
What are the best VC firms to pitch education ideas?
What were the most important things on which you spent your startup capital?
What is the ROI for a 30 million VC investment?
How can I find an investor to my furniture company with a 1 million endorsement?
Why don’t cities or states raise funds for development from IPO?
How much does a job pay in an impact investment organisation?
How do investors see where their money is being used?
How do I get an investor to invest in family karaoke?
As a software developer who wants to work at a venture capitalist, what is the best role to get my foot in the door?
Is it really difficult to find early investors, if the startup is at initial stage at zero revenue?
How many men awarded the VC are living?
Do venture capitalists in general get to buy shares of a company at a more favorable multiple than a company would trade at in an open market?
How can a chartered accountant venture into the construction business?
What is the furthest venture round so far?
After Adeo Ressi was removed from Expansive Ventures, will he be precluded from managing a fund again by the SEC?
How much time does it take to raise a pre-seed/seed round from angels in Silicon Valley?
Who does business valuations and what are the basis for such valuations?
How can I find an investor for the new energy technologies of atmospheric oxygen?
I plan on starting a VC firm. I need to write a memorandum. Can anyone help me with the objectives that are needed?
How can founders exchange info about their VCs or angels without stressing the relationship to their own VCs or angels?
How is a joint venture legally setup?
Are venture capitalists dying for a good deal as much as enthusiastic entrepreneurs are dying for funding?
Why is doing a startup more fun than being an angel investor?
What little details do VCs find themselves noting down often?
What is the issue of politicization in selection of VCs in India?
How should the funding strategy for a $5M+ run rate company that started out as a consulting business and moved into a platform play look like?
How do I arrange capital for a startup in Chicago?
How do I get VCs support if am an entrepreneur in Ghana?
Why do venture capital firms specialize in different stages? Can a good firm be "stage agnostic"?
How lucrative is cash conversion cycle of 60 to 120 days to investors?
How many of the total jobs in Silicon Valley are in VC funded private companies compared to public ones?
What are some examples of Unicorn companies that have valuation without revenue?
What are the PE/VC firms which visit the IIMs.?
Which VC funds have raised the most funds in total?
How do I write a good cover letter for a internship at a venture capital firm?
What is the best method to pay an angel investor his money back in 3 years?
How will an MBA be beneficial for someone in entrepreneurship?
How do I approach accredited institutional investors with a private placement memo?
Can a founder of a startup be the only one on the board of directors until it gets funded by angels or VCs?
Does GV still have Uber equity?
Do exists some professional services (firm, office, company) that helping entrepreneur to find/connect with investor?
How much did TOTVS invest in ZeroPaper?
What are some classes venture capitalist wish they took in college?
What is the preferred series A fundraising amount for a startup business?
What is meant by capital growth?
What is the VC climate like in Silicon Valley right now (February 2017)?
Does Jason Lemkin have a required ownership percentage like larger funds do?
If I'm raising money, do I have to tell my investors that I'm planning on getting a divorce?
As an early stage startup, how do you treat standard convertible debt ($90k) that hasn't converted into equity yet when filing C-Corp taxes in CA?
Where and how can I find an angel investor for my startup IT?
How do I build a $100-million company?
How does a startup create an Option Pool prior an Angel investment?
Are there any UK based VC or angel investors you can recommend?
What would be a fair equity stake for three developers who developed our product as freelancers and now we want them on board?
How will Amazon monetize Alexa?
What regulations are needed for venture capital and 401k?
How VCs would react to an entrepreneur pitching a two-phased growth strategy, where we solve different problems in each phase?
What does a "capital partnering" professional in a private equity firm do?
If you were a US based businessman, would you have invested in India? Why or why not?
What tips would you give to a student interested in venture capital?
What is the function of a bank’s international equity capital markets division?
What all Urban Ladder included in their start-up pitch for seed funding? Did they prepared a Prototype website for pitching?
Which VC funded Indian startup has made a profit in last 5 yeas?
Who is Reach Capital?
Would it be a good idea for investors to get behind startups that would be candidates for the breakthrough energy coalition?
Are there situations where it's smart to take VC/Angel funding?
Which are the best venture capital and private equity law firms in Nigeria?
Is there a documentary on VC funding for start up?
How much do Angel Investors invest in a prototype?
Beside the Business Model, what else is Gordon Miller's interest in startup he invest in?
I'm working on a classified startup. How should I plan for marketing of this venture, so that I can meet expenses via bootstrapping?
How easy is it to get VC funding in San Francisco?
Where do I find people interested in investing on sports tech market?
Is Sarepta Therapeutics correctly valued?
I emailed my Pitch Deck to a VC and didn't get any response. What should I do to get his attention?
How do I find investors in cosmetic industry?
Are there VC funded companies making apps on the Ethereum platform?
How do you really feel about the support VCs provide you post-investment?
Is it likely we could sell an investor an option over equity to get some establishment funds?
How do Snapchat's employees feel about Evan Spiegel's first earnings call and its aftermath?
What fundraising terms did Instacart raise their $400M Series D with to value them at $3.4B?
From an investor's perspective, what are the advantages to a safe over a convertible note for a seed-stage investment?
Do Silicon Valley VCs invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
Why is the average capital employed calculated for the valuation of goodwill?
How much growth potential does an analyst role at a VC firm have?
What do you think enterpreneur should do for fund, Should run for loan or find Investor?
How many universities have venture capital funds in Tamil Nadu?
If the world was "reset," how likely would capitalism come to prominence?
Can startups skip angel investors and work directly with VC firms, and why?
What are the connections (angel investors, marketing people etc.) that we need to have/create before delving in entrepreneurship?
Do legit accelerators/VC take a fee to get an application submitted?
How do VCs partner with banks?
Can US-based startups raise money from a BVI-based fund?
How much equity do I allocate to my friends and family as initial investors in my venture?
How did obtaining real funding (millions) from investors change the lives, company visions, relationships, and friendships of tech entrepreneurs?
Should we raise investment as a bot development company?
Why do traders in investment banks feel their jobs are immune from AI, automation, and deep learning?
Is there a "gold standard" VC law firm for establishing a new fund in SEA? Looking for a Cooley equivalent in Singapore/Indonesia/Malaysia.
What is the name of the biggest venture capital firm?
In March 2016, Airbnb closed a $1B round at a $31B valuation and was profitable as of 2H 2016. Why isn’t the company planning an IPO?
Do you recommend an external provider for fund administration in a $100M venture capital fund?
What best describes an angel investor's ideal investment?
What are investors feeling about online rental platforms?
Why is it easy for successful entrepreneurs to raise money when they often don't succeed again?
What is it like being in the accelerator program at Axilor Ventures?
Is dating girls a good way to test my convincing capability for my startup?
Why can't Unacademy be pragmatic by charging a small fee thereby raising more investments which can help in extending it?
One of the world's biggest VCs liked my pitch. They want me to estimate hardware lease costs (we estimated purchases). How can I do that right?
What is the best advice you can give an early stage tech startup?
How can I raise funds for an internship?
How can I find data regarding what valuation method a startup founder and investors used prior to funding?
What is the fastest way to raise money for a mentoring program?
How does the venture capitalist and business angel community look like?
Who are the most suitable investors in India for a medical 3D printing startup with proprietary software technology?
Which notable VC firms missed out on Facebook?
Should the number of followers on social media be taken seriously as an indicator of a start-up's success? Let's hear it from both the founder and VCs.
How can I find an unpaid internship at a private equity/venture capital firm in Chicago?
Where can I get an angel investor who are interested in seed funding an IT start-up in Kenya?
How are the aims of an angel investor different from those of a venture capitalist?
Are there historical returns comparing PE and VC?
What is the best startup pitch, not pitch deck, that you have seen?
Can we say VCS works on J-T effect?
Who are the VCs in the field of medical devices in France?
How much funding has Qriyo raised?
Should I buy my stock options?
Can a founder use unused raised money from his previous (now shutdown) startup into his new startup?
According to investors, what is "the new gasoline"?
A startup asks $500k investment for 20% equity. What is the formula for calculating pre-money valuation?
What are the names of some big investors who invest in India through tax havens?
How does Infibeam share price increases?
Will AngelList syndicates kill off VC firms in the future?
What are Y Combinator's weaknesses?
What is the minimum reasonable amount of capital you should have to begin investing in startups?
How do you get into the venture capital (as an entrepreneur and an employee)?
Do VCs and Angels really care about GAAP compliant financials?
Which venture capital firms have internships in Mumbai?
How can one start his own investment bank/private equity/hedge fund finance firm in Canada?
Do venture capitalists have idle cash?
How does equity crowdfunding compare to VC?
How do we calculate investment/profit ratio for partners and what happens when a third-party investor offers additional investment?
What are some reasons that a company heavily backed by prominent VCs and investors raise an extra round on a crowdfunding platform?
What percentage of Series A deals in the United States are from Y Combinator, Techstars, and 500 startups?
Are most seed stage VCs open to investing in two direct competitors?
What is a VC for a passport?
How do you find a graphic artist who would be interested in a long-term joint venture?
Where is the best place to find venture capital for biofuel blending projects?
How is an IE Business School International MBA for getting into the startup and venture capital industry?
Can additional paid-in capital be added to a company over time, instead of all at once?
What are some creative alternatives to forming a C corp in order to get investments from angels or VCs?
We have been building an AI platform, with algorithms that are custom developed. Which VC firms will support our capital-intensive venture?
Can a non-immigrant start a venture fund?
I am looking for funding for my Tech company & want to meet investors in Dubai or Singapore for a month. Which city has more potential investors?
How can I find an investor who is willing to invest at his own risk?
What should founders wear for a first meeting with VCs for first round of institutional capital in Silicon Valley?
Where find seed capital funding south Korea?
Which tech firms have data-driven bizops (business operations & strategy) teams?
What is a contribution capital?
Is it possible to hire top-end programmers into a seed-stage startup?
How can I find college startups in Chennai in the beginning stages so that I can fund them?
I am currently a high school student that started a business. I am seeking a venture capital investment. Are there any VC's that invest with teens?
Why is Flipkart's fundraising critical for Indian startups?
How many startups have been funded by Calcutta Angels? And how many of them received 'Series A' post initial funding?
Avenue Supermarts raised Rs. 1,870 crores via the recent IPO. Why is the equity share capital of the company 3,200 crore, as listed in their recent quarterly results?
How can I get an internship at a VC firm as a 16-year-old?
What's the best way to break into VC with being a recent graduate with no deal experience?
Is Theranos offering double shares to investors if they don't sue likely to be a successful strategy? Is it actually a worthwhile deal for investors?
How did startups like Snapchat pitch to investors with no revenue in sight?
What is Quora's value as per the last venture capital investing round?
Does investment in the GDP equation refer to investment in new capital or measured investment?
Where does a portfolio manager go after his fund blows up?
Where is the best place to find angel investors for a service based startup?
What kind of lawyer deals with guarantee capital repayment bonds for entrepreneur funding?
Should I approach VCs to get funding, or is it a waste of time?
What is the proportion of internal and external research among venture capitalists?
If there is no precedence of a former employee going to a top b-school from a particular venture capital firm, is it a fair shot to work there?
I have an idea that's a guaranteed hit, but requires quite a lot of startup capital. Where's the best place to find investors to make this happen?
Is it true that VCs prefer startups with more than one founder because it allows them to chew equity faster than they would able to do otherwise?
What percent of VC startups reach 10 million ARR?
Who are some people or groups that invest in early stages of a product?
Can you raise funds concurrently under both 506(c) and Reg CF?
Does anyone find that angel investors/VC firms look negatively upon women founders, who have their fathers as the sole investor in their venture?
I’m 50 years old, and I’m thinking of venturing in a startup just now. Am I too old for it?
A company will pay to set up my fund if I can find a cornerstone investor. Where do I look?
Is EdTech underrepresented compared to other sectors (FinTech, FoodTech, etc.) ? If so, why?
What kind of venture capitalists have supported the tech-companies in Israel? Were they Israeli VCs?
What is the difference between angel capital and venture capital?
What are the most active VC in your country?
How can secure seed capital for my app which has contracts with 17,000 customers?
What makes a pre-revenue start-up attractive to seed investors?
What are the operation of a firm?
When there is a debit balance in a partner's capital a/c, then why is interest on capital not allowed?
Do investors prefer the pitch deck to have mostly text with bullets or just some text and more icons and graphics?
What are the problems and benefits associated with capitalism?
Who is the best SaaS partner at Benchmark Capital?
How can I raise money (say, $1,500) for a startup idea in a developing country like Nigeria?
On what basis did LikeALittle achieve a $35m valuation in Series A?
How do entrepreneurs attract investors even before starting their companies?
Can a demo of my webapp attract seed/angel investors to actually develop the app?
Can I sell more than 50 percent of shares of my company to raise funds?
Why has YourQuote not found investors yet?
Where do venture capitalists source deals?
What is a contributed capital?
What are the most important things for early-stage startups to do to become successful?
What questions can a pitch maker ask the panel?
How can I raise my COSM to infinity?
As an employee for a startup that just received a large investment and plans to scale dramatically, what should I be aware of?
How can I raise an IT company?
Why don't companies like Stripe or 2checkout use Transferwise for settlement?
What is the best way to get in touch with a venture capitalist in the UK?
Do investors like to fund on a patent to develop a prototype?
Is Goldman Sachs doing venture capital?
How and where can I make a working smartphone prototype to present in front of VC's?
What is Stoke capital?
What is a capital budgeting decision? Why is it significant for a firm?
What is the list of things a startup should have, to be interesting to an angel investor in 2017?
What are the reasons that VCs will not invest in a seed-funded company seeking Series A investment?
Does pre-MBA work experience matter in post-MBA Consulting or IB or VC recruiting?
Is innovation trendy?
What knowledge should I acquire to work in a venture Capital?
What are some of the interesting startup which get failed due to funding and financial problems?
How much seed money would be good to raise with a net burn rate of $20k and current revenue MoM of 30%?
Can a venture capital firm launch more than one fund at a time if it has a different focus?
When is the best time to go for VC funding?
Who is the "loser" when an investor invests in an eventually successful startup?
Do venture capitalists invest in airlines?
Why is it that venture capitalists fund only IITian/NITian-started startups?
Would a convertible note with a lower cap trigger a downround from a previously priced round?
What are some tech/VC daily or weekly newsletters to follow?
Which sectors does Sequioa Capital invest in?
How can I limit the pro-rata participation of existing investors in an oversubscribed funding round and if I want to bring a new investor in?
What are prerequisites to learn before approaching a VC?
Would a VC view a foreign non-technology angel getting a 40% stake (for a 400k pre-seed) in a 2 founder run startup as a red flag?
What happens when a company funded via different investors go for public issue?
What do VCs, Seedfund and business experts think about the business model of Byju’s?
What does a hedge fund do better than an investment research and an advisory shop covering the exact same things?
Should I (H1-B visa in USA) master my interview preparation (as it would help me find a job soon if my startup idea fails) or should I jump on my startup idea first?
Does India lack good incubators/accelerators and venture capitalists?
What is capital funding in education?
What is the best way to get angel investor for a local business concept in an emerging market?
Do VC's fund a startup which has no traction but has a letter of intent from a reputed company? The profit margins would be decent.
What are the key things angel investors and micro VCs should know about AI and AI startups in 2017?
What does a non-tech CEO do everyday after raising funds?
For companies that are not public, are investors allowed to trade their shares in secondary offerings?
What does VC folks mean?
What salary shall the founder of a startup which has raised $15 million in series A earn?
Who are the top VCs in London?
Which are the most notable tech company turnarounds?
Is EagerPanda the first startup that failed to even launch even after so many rounds of funding?
What key changes are taking place in startup funding, and how is Gust aligned with these changes?
Do you know a good venue in Paris, France to host an investor event for a Silicon Valley VC firm?
How do I convince my interested investors to fund as soon as possible?
Would SoftBank fund a startup with 20 million?
For a new business where network is key (think LinkedIn, eBay), what is a reasonable market share to acquire before thinking about revenue generation?
Who are the top healthcare VCs/Angels?
We are going to discuss an investment opportunity with an investor. How and what should we discuss so we nail the deal?
Is there a short list of angel investors who understand social media plays (like those who may have invested in Snap or Facebook)?
Should I introduce myself to this VC partner?
What's it like, as a tech startup founder, to go through the funding stages? What inner resources do you have to draw upon?
What do venture capitalist look for in a medical devices startup?
Are there any VCs in Aus/US that I can source and analyze startups for remotely?
How did porn companies get the capital to startup?
What do I show to investors to get funding and how do I get them?
Who are the top venture capitalists interested in investing in philanthropy based startups?
What is a capital dividend?
How can I raise funds for my online business on fundraising sites, without buying any paid plans?
Do investors from the US might be interesting investing in others countries like Tunisia? A Tech Startup
What are the 5 key milestones (with targets) that you expect to achieve over the next 100 days?
How did PerkSpot, as an early-stage company, find partners to provide discounts to its customers?
How much returns should be given to an angel investor if the founders want to buy back his/her shares?
If you had a 20M VC fund, would you make many seed investments (100k) in startups and then follow up, or start with a few bigger ones (1M-2M$)?
Who are the seed investors in UK?
How and from whom have you been able to raise venture capital?
Can I start a VC firm if I am not an HNWI?
If any angel investor would fund 5 lac as a seed fund, then what shares would be given to them from the company's stacks?
Why would a firm not use its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to evaluate all proposed investments?
How do angel investors and VCs bring up their kids in the USA after the teenage years?
What role does design play in investing and VCs?
Do I need to agree if an angel investor wants a lot stock in exchange for seed funding?
Will the AI bubble burst? Should I be afraid of my future?
Is it possible to fund a startup with blockchain instead of VC?
How does vesting work for Principals or Associates at VC firms?
Why do venture capitalists invest in companies which are in completely in the red and the business model is difficult to get the company in black in the near future?
Do investment banks work with pre-revenue tech startups who want to sell?
Which is easiest - getting a job in a hedge fund, or raising seed capital for a startup?
If a startup raised $500K seed and had $58M in the bank by year 5, how could an exit price be calculated?
From the entrepreneur's perspective, should seed investment be avoided in favor of later stage investment (when the cost of capital is lower)?
Does the domain name, owned by two billion dollar companies, one past and one present, both of which merged some time back, have any traffic-producing ability?
How do I hire someone to help with raising seed capital?
I have a game in beta, what are reasonable terms to take in investors?
What is my guarantee that the VCs or the investors won't steal my ideas as they already have the funds (they just need to hire the people with the skills)?
How can I found investors?
How does venture capital work, and how can I find it?
Which angel investors look at pre-seed deals?
How do I decide the optimum paid up capital for my company?
How can we get a venture Capital or Round/Crowd Funding for a IT Based Private Limited Company in India?
What is capitation charge?
Which are some successful Seed capital financed companies in India?
How can startup founders get the most out of their relationship with investors?
We need to raise a pre-seed round of $250 000. Is that too much to raise from Angels and too little for seed stage VCs?
How much premium does VCs attach to the valuation of a startup if the founder has a degree from Stanford?
What would be the best way for me to find small business angel investors in Canada?
Is a RSU award/ CEO award of 3% common for an IPO of a company?
Why should the rest of the US fund a local train in Silicon Valley?
Should I give up 40% equity to a seed investor (apprx $50K) who wants to be the CEO and get complete voting power through proxy?
What is the best strategy for a new internet startup with a live prototype, What do you first focus on? Do you start looking for customers or funding?
Do you need venture capital to grow fast?
How do I rank capital proposals?
Are Compulsory Convertible Debentures (CCD's) that are conditionally non-diluteable Illegal and / or Non-Compliant with Regulator Norms in India?
How do I fund a company with a tested product, that is pre-revenue?
What resources/books can help a solo entrepreneur take a startup from MVP to early funding?
How has the rise of various incubators over the past 5-10 years affected startups’ ecosystems from a VC point of view?
Has Gordon Miller ever funded a African based startup?
If you suddenly lost your job but had $5000 to spend in a new venture/project/career, what would you do for maximum returns?
What is the main benefit of early raising?
How do fund managers manage the relationship with investors or limited partners?
How common is it for PhDs to do due diligence for VCs?
How do I convince Mr. Gordon Miller of G3i Ventures to have a 20 mins online meeting for getting a feedback on my business plans?
At what valuation did Quora raise their $85M Series D?
What is the valuation of Angry Birds now? Is the valuation of games a temporary one that vanishes within 1-3 years after the game is being released?
What are some important risks that are unique to investing in fintech startups?
What are the top 10 ranking team sports, in terms of marketing revenue, player earnings, and federation valuation?
How does one find a good angel investor in CEE for SaaS startup in early stage?
What are good ways to raise seed capital for a cyber security company in the UK? Would it be through VC, crowdfunding, or something else?
What is % track record over the last 10 years for Sequoia Capital?
Venture Capital for Tech Employees: What you need to know to get what you’re worth?
Is there a way for a founder to retain control of a startup without funding it?
Will state authorities band together to force Airbnb to remit for uncollected taxes?
How can an economics graduate venture into marketing?
Will investors be more inclined to invest if I guarantee 50% of their money back with my own collateral?
How does it feel the moment your startup is funded?
Why is a joint venture considered to be the easiest way to enter into the foreign market?
What are some small PE firms that buy-out early investors in a growth business?
How should I value multiple small investments from one friends/family investor over several years?
Are SAFE investments/notes taxable?
Are there any angel investors or venture capitalists in Vadodara?
What are some ideas for startups for youths? Would we ever regret not investing in them?
How do I raise the capital for a startup business?
What are some common justifications general partners have to make to their limited partners in a venture fund when it comes to their investments?
Should I join a startup or work at a VC fund for 3 months prior to business school?
What is the best way to approach a VC for a seed round?
When a start-up gets acquired and the founders brought onto the new team, are these founders required (by VC's) to leave to begin their next startup?
Why don't more anthropologists study venture capital?
In your experience, has it been more fun to be the investor or the startup founder?
Suppose I have this great business opportunity and I want to raise capital from Angels Investors. What is the best way to do it? How about paying back?
What's next in seed stage fintech investing?
Are non-profit organisations allowed to get involved in for-profit ventures, i.e. investing in a startup in a similar industry?
How do I invest in venture capital?
Why is it so easy for entrepreneurs that have had previous success to raise funds from VCs for their new venture despite not having field expertise?
How can I become an angel investor in India?
Do seed funding VC/angel investors need a prototype? Or is a Business Plan, and a Team enough?
What needs to be included in an ideal email to a VC or angel investor who may want to invest in a non-tech pre-seed start-up?
Which of the celebrities who make tech investments have been most successful in those investments?
Who are some venture capitalists that fund disability related companies/projects?
What's the largest absolute dollar gain ever by a venture fund?
What if you need venture capital but don't know where to start? Where can you find like minded entrepreneurs to offer financial assistance in order to team up?
What impact will SoftBank's $100B Vision Fund have on the venture capital industry in the US?
Do venture capitalists require a risk evaluation before investing in a company? How do they determine how risky the startup is?
For my startup, how much of a stake should I be prepared to give to an angel investor and a VC?
Is the new legal system for venture capital funds in the UAE good or stifling for investors?
What is the difference between a management presentation and a CIM?
What is meant by an equity firm, equity capital and other terms assosciated with equity?
How can veterans get into venture capital?
What does it take to be an investor and how can you make investing a successful venture?
Are there Angels and/or VCs that specialize in investing in higher education, marketing technology companies?
Which impact investment group or venture philanthropist is recommended, and why?
What are free/paid alternatives to stratechery.com analysis?
How much equity can be given to an investor investing 2-5 lakh in a venture during ideation stage and founder is not putting any money in the venture?
What is the opposite of actively fundraising for startups?
Would you invest on an early-stage African Fintech with some traction?
Where will I find Early Stage Investors immediately for my startup?
Where do I get investors for my managed fund?
As an angel investor or Venture capitalist, what is it like to hear a pitch from a startup founder who is on H1-B visa?
How do M&A teams track their dealflow?
How can I make a bunch of money by starting in venture capital?
Are venture capital funds today benefiting from Quantitative-easing funds?
Do most startups launch before or after they've been funded?
What kind of experience can you get by working at any kind of VC firm?
I'm starting a company that I hope to sell to Google. What should I do at the early stage to enable it later on?
Why are capitalism and globalization so criticized?
What are the greatest limitations of Bitcoin?
I am starting a private fund to invest in startups, what literature can I read in order to "know what I don't know"?
How do I get an angel investor willing to invest in my personal fitness company here in the state of Florida?
If a private equity firm is investing in a company from their balance sheet instead of their fund, how can you interpret why they're doing that?
Why is TVF promoting their app so much nowadays, rather than posting videos on YouTube as before?
Promoter's holding % is calculated on authorised capital or the issued capital?
How do you place a high valuation on a startup?
For pre-revenue/money social startup, would $50k investment for 5% ($1M cap) with prorata hurt chances of getting into accelerator or future funding?
If the founders have equal equity, how does the dilution happen during funding?
Why would you still start a startup that has many competitors but only one or two are heavily-funded?
If you see funds to make you rich in life, will you receive the funds?
How do I invest in seed round as a small investor?
How much is my share worth if the company raised $1m in their first round?
What is a typical carry allocation among the lead partner, other GPs and the rest of the supporting staff (VPs/associates) in an early stage VC firm?
What is it like to be a woman in Silicon Valley’s Venture Capital?
What are some avenues of raising funds to start a manufacturing unit?
Can I break into Biotech venture capital with a Ph.D. in chemistry/chemical biology?
How do top value investment funds conduct due diligence?
With which Chinese investment company did LinkedIn make a joint venture?
I have a VC (vedio conference) on the topic human traffic. How can I prepare for it?
What is your primary purpose for pursuing investors?
How do I join an angel investor group?
If you need funds to even get the project off the ground, is it possible to still raise money?
What is Waymo's cap table like?
Are VCs more likely to hire an employee (director of product) of a portfolio company?
Assuming YC alumni raised some money via SAFE, what was the cap and/or discount?
What are some stories that showcase the cleverness of entrepreneurs in personal interactions that helped them in business?
I need to draft a letter of offer for a startup that wants to buy back a VC's initial shares in the company. Is there a format that I can follow?
As a VC, if you could go back to your operational experience (as part of a hyper-growth startup), then what would you remind yourself to take note of?
I (hypothetically) made a $2500 bet on the presidential election with a few startup founders. Should I publicly shame them for not paying?
When should the members of an E-commerce startup approach a VC? How should they?
What are the top reasons for a seed-funded startup to not be able to raise Series A (priced round)?
Which seed funds invest in construction equipment prototypes?
What are the cost expenditures to think about while starting a new SaaS?
How much will a startup be worth if it can unite all your school and college friends in 24 hours?
How much equity should I offer to an angel investor that I am only bringing in for name recognition?
How do we raise funds for our new business that is service oriented?
How common are hurdle rates for VC funds?
When looking for a VC as a startup with very limited or no capital to contribute what is a good ROI to give and percentage to give a VC?
How do angel investors work in India?
How likely is it to obtain a $500K for 5% startup investment for a startup with no sales?
How much funding has Lob.com raised?
Why do investors lose money even when most experts like Buffet and other successful investors openly cast opinions?
Did Charles Hayter get funding or partners for CryptoCompare?
Is there an email marketing tool that supports double opt-in introductions?
Do VCs use interim managers to help poorly performing portfolio companies improve?
What is the year-to-year trend of venture capital investment per capita in the U.S. for the past 50 years?
Where does Antics get its funding, and who runs it?
What is the best way to explain to investors previous rollercoaster revenues?
What does it mean to be part of a successful exit?
What is Flipkart's stock distribution between various funders and founders?
What is it like to work at consulting firm which is at an early stage?
What are the value propositions that are sought and could be offered to institutional investors from a private equity firm that plans to raise USD1b?
Are there any startups looking for investment?
What is the value of investment platforms that are focused on impact investing?
How do you build your networks as a junior VC?
On Angelist.co the 'average' seed stage valuation is charted by industry. Does that refer to a valuation at formation or after a round of funding?
What are the things that startup investors look for, before investing?
How can one raise 1500 dollars?
Why did Aviral Bhatnagar choose to work for a VC firm?
What are the newest VC firms in NYC with interest in AR?
Do investors frown upon pre-MVP / post Series A startups outsourcong some of their tech development?
How can you become an activist & impact investor when you have a very small capital?
What is the best way to get a VC?
Is it likely that half of all tech unicorns could go public in 2017?
I've purchased shares of Pinterest, Spotify and Lyft on a secondary market. Does this make me a venture capitalist?
Do venture capitalists fund partnership firms?
Why do venture capitalists refuse to sign NDA?
When should a startup with only a single founder create a team before seeking funding?
How many customers do I need for a B2C startup to get some seed funding or Series A funding?
Where can I find datasets related to venture-backed startups?
Do any venture capitalists release lists of pitches that they've received?
What's the average pre money valuation for a startup in a seed round in the Bay Area?
How often should you update the risk factors investor document for an open funding round?
What is the average CAGR an angel investor makes in the USA?
What are some valid reasons to, or not to, invest in the Cornerstone Strategic Value Fund Inc. (NYSEMKT: CLM)?
How would you write to an investor to convince them to give you money?
What do series A, series B and series C rounds of funding mean and on what basis are these chosen?
What are the key terms that should be in an angel investment term sheet?
Where can I get complete information on venture debt companies in the USA?
Who are the top 5 most famous angel investors in the world?
Who are the investors in Juicero? Are they experienced investors in the Nutrition Startup arena?
Do venture capitalists and the industry discriminate against older founders?
Would investors fund an app with a million downloads it not being a startup?
Is there room for non-traditional investors in the VC industry?
What are the ways to secure a VC fund for a startup, with assured returns and funds not being dissolved?
How important or appealing is the product/venture name of a healthcare startup, especially in India?
How would you approach a VC with no team or traction, just an ingenious original way to disrupt a huge market?
Can Trump fund a boom by allowing companies to bring offshore funds back to the USA?
What is the best pitch for little leaguers?
How likely is a startup in the serverless computing field be VC-funded?
How do I raise capital to start business?
Is venture-net partners a scam?
Why are there so few women angel investors in India?
How is consolidatory fund different from contingency fund?
What are the differences between companies funded versus rejected by venture capitalists?
How many VCs return back LPs’ money?
At what stage can you raise money for your electric vehicle/bicycle startup assuming it is expensive to build a prototype?
How do I raise finance for purchasing a shop?
What venture capitalists invest in material science companies?
On Shark Tank, why don't any of the businesses the “Sharks” invest in perform well?
Is there a way for a founder of a start-up to pay settlements to former employees without disclosing the disputes to the board or investors?
What option is more preferable to investors for startup convertible notes, multiples or discount?
Can I use alternative facts in a pitch deck to VC's?
What are your preferred exit strategies when you make your early-stage investments? Do you have a strategy when you initiate each new investment?
What do venture capitalists in Silicon Valley think of startups in India's Silicon Valley (Bangalore)?
What is the streamline process for Due Diligence on the Equity Crowdfunding platforms?
How should one invest in shares with a low level of capital?
How does VC firm investing work? If I wanted to put my money in Sequoia Capital, what would the typical return be, and how long does it take?
Should I build a cash cow startup to fund a bigger idea?
Will Angels/VCs consider investing in a company if the primary innovative product will max out at approximately $50M revenues?
How do I calculate IRR?
How do I structure an investor buy out?
We are a venture capital firm situated in Mumbai, we specialize in angel investing, what companies should we consider buying?
How many companies in the US have raised $4 million or more in 2017?
Do Silicon Valley VCs see less potential in SaaS startups focusing on SMBs vs. consumer or enterprise?
Is it likely that an investment company has hedge funds, private equity funds, and venture capital funds?
What are typical terms for someone investing capital in a startup? Private party wants to fund my start up, what would be a good deal for both?
If a consultant establishes a joint venture or exchanges business between two parties, what is the service called?
How is the 20% carry of VC fund distributed between GP?
How can I get a VC analyst job at Point Nine Capital?
How can I raise small seed funds for my startup in India?
Which VCs in Silicon Valley invest in healthcare startups?
What will be the effect of a decrease in working capital on operating activities?
Could you suggest how to apply for guild capital?
Is there a viable path forward for Zenefits given that they laid off half their employees?
Which venture capital firms or angel investors fund the startups that are on the Ideation stage?
How do investors do a valuation of a software product company?
When all the partners are insolvent, how do you close the partners’ capital accounts?
How can you make sure you don’t dilute too much equity too soon?
Does the Lindy Effect apply to career decisions?
How can I get an internship at a venture capital firm as a high school student?
Which of the two funding paradigms (angel investment and venture capital) deserves equity?
None of the existing investors participated in Flipkart's 1.4 billion fund raiser. Is this worrying?
Can you sell your "6 month IPO lockup period" stock through a private transaction?
What are the most interesting things that have happened as a result of VC firms regretting missing out on Facebook?
What is Taiwan's venture capital industry outlook?
What is your story of getting funding through Startup India?
What are some tips for getting investors/VCs to fund a business that can be categorized as both service providers and technology creators?
Why is nearbuy's valuation conservative compared to Zomato, Quikr or other consumer startups, even with a better potential for revenue and profitability?
What is a "nested" joint venture?
Who are the best angel investors/seed funds in the UK?
What is involved in an underwriters due diligence process?
What are the legal steps to start an 'angel/seed fund' in India?
Is it advisable to buy a plot in the Suvarnabhoomi venture at Shadnar?
How do VCs spot potential unicorns?
Are capital augmenting and capital deepening the same?
I'm 29, have $200k in the bank and continue to save $40k a year. How can I make use of this to make $15k a month passively by 35?
What is the reputation of Ferris Capital?
I raised money selling common stock to VCs instead of preferred. Should I think about having one of those VCs occupy a common board seat alongside me?
What are the email addresses for healthcare domain investors as an angel or seed fund?
How important do venture capitalists and angel investors consider current sales to be, when investing in a new, patented, consumer product?
Are there any startups in Jammu looking for investment?
Which frameworks do venture capitalists apply to evaluate startups in Silicon Valley?
Does the pervasiveness of post-truth impact the venture capital operation?
Should I pay back the money to the investor when the business fails?
What is the quickest way to get funding for my startup at a low interest rate?
Will capitalism give way to socialism and if so how can it be funded when people are feeling that they are already overtaxed?
Is it appropriate to crowdfund money for college?
How does one get in front of actual investors to get funding for their startup?
Do founders determine pre-money valuation in the term sheets?
If given the option, would Ali AlShamsi, Gordon Miller, Paul Cohn or David S. Rose be willing to replace one of the "Sharks" from 'Shark Tank'?
There seems to be more young people starting VC firms that can't possibly be accredited. How are they legally structuring the venture capital firm?
Is it harder for a B2B startup to raise funding than B2C?
How do I calculate share and percentage as an angel investor in India?
Who are the movers and shakers in Fintech capital market startups?
Does valuation of a startup depend on who you take money from, whether it is micro VC, angel investors, or one super angel?
Would you ever get involved at a venture capital firm in the future?
There so many success stories (even just here on Quora), yet why don't they seem to appear in the censuses? Are people lying?
Whom to approach to make investments in startup?
After 4 years of bootstrapping, my company is ready for a seed round(~500k) to scale. Where should I start?
What venture capital and PE funds invest in the restaurant and hospitality industries?
How many seed stage VC funds are there globally?
What are your top 3 picks for industries or businesses that you wouldn’t hesitate to venture into in China?
How does Nautilus Live raise money?
How do telecommunications companies & other capital intensive industries fund their business activities?
How do I value intellectual property prior to raising venture capital?
How can an engineering student get an internship at a VC firm in India?
Should I ask for a raise from a startup?
What is the average valuation premium seed investors will pay for an experienced founding team with a previous multi-million dollar exit(s)?
How can I raise funds for myself to build a house?
What are some best exit options a start up should include in a joint venture agreement?
I am in Nigeria. How do I get funding for my startup from an investor anywhere in the world?
Why do some of those who raise VC funding spend it in such an irresponsible way?
If your only contact in SV is a partner at a legendary VC firm, you need $ but feel you are early for VCs, should you reach out anyway?
What initial investment do I use to fund an IRR?
When is the right time to go for a funding round to not loose much stake in the company?
What advice can you give to an aspiring entrepreneur, who is also interested in venture capitalism but is currently doing engineering?
Which are the top venture capital firms that invest in SaaS?
How large of a seed round is too large? Also, how many investors is too many for a seed round?
What do advisors deserve in equity helping a startup raise funds and increase sales?
What questions are seed-stage investors asking when startup entrepreneurs come to them for funding?
Why capitation fee should be eliminated?
Are there any new and notable fintech focused venture corporates in Europe in 2017?
What kinds of companies is Dropbox seeking to invest in?
How do I get into venture capital or equity investment right out of college?
How do I raise fund for a fundraiser?
Who is currently trying to start a seed company?
What technical analysis do VCs do when valuing a startup?
Can I get the number of the person who help me procure VC funding on a commission basis?
Is it a good idea to use venture capital to fund real estate deals?
How can you know if any US-based tech startups/early stage companies are interested to set up in India?
What is a fair amount of equity to give a teammate? I've been a solo founder who has IP, invented the product, proven a market, & am working on VC funds.
How do we get attention of venture capitals?
How and where can I find an angel investor who can also provide seed investment for a new startup?
What is your angel investing experience in India?
What is the average time it takes a VC to make an investment decision?
What are the top VC firms with HQs/offices in Europe, Singapore and Australia? What is their recruitment process?
How did Peter Thiel go from law school to PayPal?
What is the best way to get in front of angel investors?
What percentage of your company should you offer to seed investors and how do you determine the price?
What's the most effective way for a startup founder to research an investor before meeting with them?
What is Aviral Bhatnagar's favorite startup and why?
How much will having bootstrapped a company (as a founder) to $1MM ARR help if I want to leave and get into venture capital?
Why would anyone go to a VC before seeking crowdfunding?
What are the best books on venture capital in 2017?
Which is better, crowdfunding or angel investors? I have 2 tech ideas/inventions, but I’m struggling to get them going. How do I get them ‘off the ground’?
Would the cab fight get more fierce globally with Didi's $5.5b fund raise?
Which VCs would be a better fit for a B2B company?
Is there any posibility to raise new big startup that could compete or at least survive from the big 4 tech giants?
How much in funds was raised by Coldplay in India?
How do security bonds work for venture capital funding?
As a new tech startup Founder who has no relationship with any VC or tech companies, how can I attract seed investors, and which ones should I go for?
What are the requirements to start a venture capital in Hong Kong or Singapore, and what are the tax implications?
Is there a Canadian living who has been awarded the VC?
Can I get seed funding of 20 million?
Can Angel Investment be having agency problems?
What does a "good" CEO look like to early stage VC's?
Where can I find tipsters that want to participate to an experts round up?
Which venture capital company has well knowledge in regional languages like Tamil / Telugu?
Can a venture capital fund partner/manager earn a management fee and subsequently a salary from two or more funds?
Would you invest in very early-stage companies that are pre-traction and/or pre-product/market fit? Why (not)?
How are places like Singapore and Tel Aviv such beds of start-up innovation?
How can I raise capital for my finance trading this summer?
What operational activities a project manger does in an IT firm?
Has anyone ever invested in a company that got turned down by Shark Tank? I know Richard Branson invested in Doorbot (now called Ring) and it became successful (earning $70 million, yet it only got a $7 million evaluation on Shark Tank.) Are there any others?
Which Angel Investors or VCs are interested in education startups?
What are some unknown but amazing business models?
How do I raise money for medical expenses?
Which is more profitable and time-worthy: hedge funds or venture capital funds? Do I need to have a business degree to do it?
Why does a venture capitalist participate in funding a company but the Government does not for seed money, or research money it provides?
Why doesn't Luxembourg have a tax incentive scheme for seed investments in startups, such as EIS and SEIS in the UK?
How can you see if there is a market for your product idea?
How can CEO keep control over a Startup, despite getting money from outside (investors)?
Why are angel investors seldom found in Pakistan?
What would you say about a startup with 80 investors?
What are the most common ways for new entrepreneurs to raise funds without personal or family wealth?
What is the most important role an analyst plays in a VC firm?
What is the best way to leverage an M&A offer to increase valuation for the next round?
Where can I find International angel investors or venture capitalists interested in investing in aquaculture business idea in Nigeria or West Africa?
Why do most angel investors/venture capital/ financial institutions believe investing in technology based start-ups is the only way forward? All we need is an investor who would express a little faith and will ever be glad he did.
What are the proper steps to raising startup capital for a first time founder in 2017?
What type of business would require little experience or startup investment and allow you to learn the fundamentals that are valuable for later ventures?
How has the VC firm Social+Capital fared since its inception?
Is it better to accept seed money from aunts and uncles, or wait until an angel or two are convinced?
Can a startup that was founded as an LLC raise a series A using a SAFE (Simple Agreement For Equity)?
What is the meaning of venture-caliber return when talking about startups fundraising?
Y combinator: should we join if we do not want to take further VC rounds?
Does it matter to the VCs and angel investors if a startup founder(s) invested their own cash?
What is the minimum amount a VC can invest in an education startup in India?
Which startups from India are VCs more interested in funding nowadays?
Do you need a broker dealer to raise series rounds?
How do you best protect yourself from a CVC takeover?
Should a startup with a smaller, niche, market raise a VC round?
How do I reach out to investors that want to enter the Nigerian market?
Why should the IRR be greater than the cost of capital, if the IRR only equals the cost of capital, then the shareholders get the value they required?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for early stage startups?
Are there angel investors that invest in 3rd world startups? What’s the best way to contact them?
What is it like to work at Vishawish Ventures?
Are there any ways to spot a potential unicorn at pitch stage?
What do investors say about companies in their portfolio that aren't doing well when asked?
If today you were to enter the venture capital industry, would you go for software or life sciences?
Can I make a career in venture capital?
Is Barrage Capital a good investment?
If you own shares of a startup that is seeking funding, how can you ensure that all shares are divided equally?
How do venture capitalists manage their portfolio companies?
How are thousands of so called "Founders of startups" surviving in Bangalore? What do they do for a living as most startups are not even funded?
What are different software applications that people and funds use to track dealflow and manage portfolios?
Would a full-stack programmer be interested in a bootstrapped business with institutional clients lined up or do they prefer a VC-backed startup?
From where does the NBFCS get funds to lend?
Where can I find out more about the crossroads church tech incubator in Cincinnati?
How can I raise an offshore fund to invest in India?
How would you explain VCs and Silicon Valley to someone who knew absolutely nothing about them?
What are the different types of capital investment projects and how are they carried out?
How does one keep investors once one has earned them?
What are the biggest challenges for social entrepreneurs securing early-stage funding?
I’m looking for a tech startup co-founder in Mangalore. Are there any angel investors/seed investors ready to invest in a tech startup in Mangalore?
What should I do if I have a genuine business idea but it’s too early for people?
What kind of startups are you willing to invest in?
How do I raise money to get equipment for a prototype, and complete the process of starting the LLC, patents etc.?
Are American VCs and angel investors likely to invest in a team working in USA but product focused outside USA?
What is your view on displays saying "buy local to avoid CEO’s buying a 3rd house and allow locals to put food on the table"?
Why does Google (continue to) invest in developing Google Maps?
What are the pros and cons of angel investors vs micro or seed VCs?
What's been your most successful investment to date?
Why startups are in loss?
How often do investors invest in eco-startups or service?
Why don't VC investors like husband-wife teams?
What are interesting topics for research in private equity and venture capital in the Middle East and North Africa?
How is venture debt in a capital structure perceived by VCs?
What kind of background check do VCs do on the entrepreneurs they fund?
What do you say in an email to a VC when trying to get them to hear your pitch raising money?
Do venture capitalists require that all startup founders attend courses after securing funding?
What stage do most investors want companies to be at before they invest?
Would a single YC safe for $3M dilute less than 3x $1M safe notes, at the same pre-money valuation?
Why did you take the venture funded route?
Should I approach an angel investor or a VC with an idea, which already exists on the market?
I, an Ivy League B-school graduate, am being approached to be the fourth person in a startup founded by another Ivy League graduate. What should I be wary of?
Is there an opportunity to help large companies establish corporate venture arms? What am I missing? How am I wrong?
How is Adbusters funded?
Where and how do I get a venture capital firm in Nairobi?
What's your next venture?
Is it typical for a founder to personally guarantee large investments?
Why is it important for tech companies to invest in speed and performance early?
Would you rather raise the very bare minimum or the maximum seed capital needed, and why?
How do I get funding for startup restaurants in India?
Can a VC sell his/her shares to another VC, ergo, exit before the real exit (like M&A or IPO)?
I am the Director of Outreach for the venture Capital Club at Rutgers University. Is anyone with experience interested in coming to speak to my club?
What do you say in a solicited pitch to a VC?
What are the schemes for youths by government of India to start own venture?
We are a debt fund that provides growth capital to SaaS companies. How do we identify bootstrapped companies that do not want to give up equity?
What is firm specific advantage?
What do venture capitalists think of fresh graduates seeking funding?
Where is a good place to start looking for venture capitalist funds?
What should I do to get money with less capital?
What are the VC firms in Nyc that hire associates?
What are ways for VC to find proprietary deals?
Most books on getting VC capital and understanding how Venture Capital works are written by US authors. How relevant are these books to the UK’s demographic?
How do I raise capital for a gym franchise? I need almost ₹16,000,000.
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) can give startups a bigger chance of succeeding?
What do companies normally do with the money they make?
How impactful is Flipkart's latest fundraising round?
What’s the best way to show due diligence?
Can someone establish a firm without a capital?
What is the process of raising seed capital from investors?
What do investors mean when they say 26% stake with a valuation of 4 crores?
How does a new project with lower cost of capital impact existing weighed average cost of capital?
How can I know that a company fundamentals are improving at an early stage?
Why does India not have an MSME Venture Capital Fund?
How did you network when you moved into VC?
How does the FPO help to increase your paid-up capital?
Does having a board of advisors increase your chances of getting funding?
How are the founders of a VC fund paid, versus regular partners on the VC team?
What do VC/Investors think of startups incorporated in Hong Kong?
What is a venture capital startup?
Are there any potential investors on Quora or VCS? We are launching the first solar tablets and we are looking for investors.
Where do you look for an angel investor to fund the development of a cutting-edge rescue tool that integrates functionality with technology?
What is a typical meeting between startup founders and investors/VC firms?
How messy is the process of choosing an independent board member(s) of a venture backed company?
Can a minor become an angel investor?
What is your advice when investors want to invest a million dollar with X% of equity in my company with the potential of going public listed in 5yrs?
When evaluating pre-money valuation of a technology startup and there are 100b shares outstanding is it better to make the stock price $0.50 or $1.00?
What does a working day look like in a venture capital firm?
What are some common stages of startups, and what is your advice for them?
Where do I find a broker who specializes in obtaining equity investments for new business ventures?
How can you raise investment funds on FundAmerica?
Do venture capital companies have to be licensed to get funding from lp's?
Can individuals participate in a joint venture agreement?
What are the best qualities of a pitch deck, from an entrepreneur’s perspective and an angel’s perspective?
Has anyone pitched to Akshay Bhushan of Light Speed for funding?
Are there angel investors, and how could one reach them?
Where does First Round Capital deal flow come from?
How do small businesses manage working capital and raise funds for expansion?
What was the key trigger that got your seed round off the ground?
How important is staging to venture capitalists? Would you encourage investors to stage their financing of startups?
How do you properly evaluate your company for investors?
My company grew from 2 to 12M in revenue and we need to raise more money. I’m 24 and very shy. How can I find good investors?
How do I start a funding campaign without a leading investor?
How can I raise money to buy medication?
What is the standard commission for capital raising?
How do I approach japenese investors?
Is it better to make a fortune investing in others or just be an entrepreneur myself?
How many living VCs are there?
How do I approach American VCs and Business Angels being in Europe?
Which are the venture capitalist firms invest in FMCG sector in India?
What are the downsides of being a VC?
What is the criteria for a VC when seed funding a startup?
Are there any firms that can help small hedgefunds raise money from investors?
What is the VC funded start ups salary range?
Do investors needs growth hackers for auditing a startup? If yes, how could they be used?
What is the surest business a university student can venture in with a token amount?
Is seed funding from Angel/VC used for developing a prototype?
What percentage of VC employees have actual startup experience (founders/early employees)?
What is the typical compensation for a strategy analyst at a VC funded startup?
As a entrepreneur How much & how to dilute equity to angel investors for 30 lakh investment? What should be the ideal terms&conditions and exit term?
How is the negotiation process like between a VC and an early stage startup?
What motivated you to leave a comfortable life to venture into education sector?
Can my fellow Quorans help me raise funds?
Which Silicon Valley venture funds focus on non Silicon Valley startups?
Is the “venture elite” list of potential future IPOs by Bonner and Partners legit?
Would attending angel investor meetings be a good way to transition into a job in venture capital?
Does Quora have an upcoming IPO for fundraising?
What company do with investment Money?
What do you enjoy most about being a VC?
How many venture capitalists are in Pune?
Should I get subscribers once my dating app startup is developed prior to seeking VC funding?
Which part of Silicon Valley is best for seed investment meetings?
Is Alphabet's CEO's huge salary really worth it? Isn't 20 million in stocks a little much?
As a VC or angel investor, what package would you suggest for a CEO-cum-founder of Quora to take (in 2017)?
Someone asked me for $1,000 for a investor-ready pitch deck. Is it worth the money?
Is there any free venture capital database similar to Crunchbase?
How hard is it for a person on an H1-B or any other temporary work or study visa to start his own company and raise capital from US-based investors?
What do I need to be careful about when looking for my first round of funding from VCs?
How can I attract fund for option portfolio with track record as a retail investor in Singapore?
If Twitter started charging a monthly fee for verified account status but remained free for users, would it be considered an SaaS business?
I have a business plan ready for a startup in renewable energy. May I get to know which VC firms can provide funds?
What are VCs?
What is a good salary to earn as an expat associate in the tech/VC space in Kenya?
Who are the investors behind Investopedia?
How do people view Brook Venture Partners?
How should Kevin Semcken raise the $1.5 million in capital that Able Planet needs? Be sure to consider sources of both debt and equity financing.
What happens if a founder fails a startup? Should he give back the money to investors?
Who are the investors in TAVHealth?
How does a venture capitalist, which is leading a round of funding, find other firms to invest with them?
Do most software ventures end up being relatively and invariably small?
How hard is it to raise capital for a new entrepreneur in the Aerospace industry?
How should an entrepreneur go about closing down an angel-funded startup when the time comes?
Who are some well known venture capitalist from India?
What challenges do women have when seeking funding?
At which stage do investors think they should invest in a new company? Do they keep track of the new successful company?
How much did Trustbills raise?
Is the due diligence phase of investment/aquisition a nervous time for founders?
How do VCs and business angels look for people on LinkedIn?
How do I get really good at interviewing VP and above candidates face to face for sales and marketing roles in technology companies?
Which is better - a $300,000 seed funding with 16% equity (to the investor) or $942,000 funding with 39% equity?
Where can ito get funding for new start up?
Which is better for raising capital, a publicly held company or a privately held company?
Is it ethical to go off and create my own company if I think I can execute on a new product concept better than management?
Would Bruce Gibney fund a promising-looking startup that he realized was run by sociopaths?
Should I start my own venture capital firm?
Venture capitalists: What will convince you to hire someone as an intern or an associate?
Why did so many investors refuse to invest in today's unicorns when they were small?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking venture Capital or angel money before you have paying customers?
How is the IRB InvIT fund IPO?
When do startup investors and startups sign mutual NDAs?
Is my company eligible to receive funding?
How are investment fund returns calculated?
How do I create a buzz for a startup, in order to attract the attention of people and investors?
What is the best way to get an angel investor with only an MVP and letters of intent?
What vision of the future do investors fund?
Do I use an investor, crowdfund, or try to sell the license rights for a new product idea?
I am looking for a pre seed funding investor. Whom shall I contact that are willing to invest outside the US?
How do I find comparable companies for comparative valuation of a company that operates in more than 1 sector?
What should I ensure for recruitment in my social cause fund-raising startup. Salary structure offered is competitive with higher variable component?
What are some of the Bay Area firms to approach for seed round investing in chatbots?
Which angel investors or VCs in India are interested in solar startups?
What is the good order venture capital index?
Can investors sue the founder of a startup if it fails?
What is the leading driver of valuation multiples?
What are the best ways to fund a hardware startup as an alternative to VC / angel funding?
How can I raise money to buy a bank in Africa?
What is the difference between partner and limited partner in VC?
What are some funds/investors looking to invest in the wellness (tech/app) space for startups geographically based out of India?
How can I raise funds for a summer party?
What's the best way to set aside shares for future advisors?
Where can I get more information about Social Cloud Ventures’ chatbots?
How can we raise funds to electrify a village in India? How do we reach potential donors?
If Morgan Stanley marked the valuation of Flipkart at $5.52B, how come it raised funds on a valuation of $10-12B?
How can I make £30,000 in two weeks to fund my start up?
How does the board of directors get formed with an early startup?
How much does eShares cost to use?
Which other similar companies are there like Lighter Capital?
How did Evan Spiegel negotiate for total voting control over Snapchat with his VC backers?
How can I be a VC investor?
What will venture capitalists do if our startup fails?
What are the most optimal strategies to raise a $3m seed round in SF in 2017?
Which venture capitalists would score highest on psychoticism?
What should be the ESOP strike price of a Series A company?
What steps should a Canadian SaaS business take in order to legally operate in Texas?
What does it take to get funding for your startup idea from investors like Chris Sacca and Mark Cuban?
Does high growth in commercial and residential property prices distract firms from making investments in capital?
What is the basic general knowledge needed to succeed in venture capital and private equity?
What are the methods for raising funds for starting and expansion of a joint stock company?
As an angel/VC, if you invested $1m into a company that had a good chance of succeeding, how much would you expect back by year 5 of the business?
What are angel investors and venture capitalists?
What investor presentation do you use when you raise a million dollars?
How does a company choose a partner in joint venture in China?
What is the best place to raise funds for a tech startup?
How can I recieve money from my angel investor?
How do investors invest? Do they pay in cash or just bring money to finance projects?
What is professional way to negotiate term sheet, valuation with a VC?
What are the early stage funds, angel funds, and accelerators that are active in the EdTech space in India?
What is an example of a company that has a customer-based organisational structure?
What is the capitalist mode of production?
I want to venture in politics as my career, how do I start for it?
What is Steven Sinofsky's track record as a VC like?
What kind of ARR and growth will SaaS companies need to raise with Series A financing in 2017?
Why do seed investors and VCs view the SAFE cap as the startup valuation rather than what it was meant to be, just a ceiling for the SAFE investor?
How can one get a VC job in Singapore?
As a startup without a co-founder, how did you convince a venture capitalist or angel investor to fund you?
I just raised half a million for my startup with some decent traction. What are the dos and donts for my first couple of months?
What type of investors should be approached when fundraising for a social app that has been funded by the cofounders and developed 100%?
Which investors have funded Amazon so far right from its inception?
What exactly caused the dot com bubble to burst?
How do I transition from corporate banking to IB / PE / VC in India? Is it very difficult?
What are the best points to cover in a VC elevator pitch?
Can you guide me on how to do market research for early age investment to suggest to a VC firm?
Are there VCFs or angel investors that would invest in a business where it is unlikely for them to get a 10x return? Or would almost every investor likely need to see that potential?
How many "accredited investors" are there in the US?
What is the probability of a 1 seed losing to a 16 seed?
Who are the top venture capitalists interested in investing in sharing economy-based startups in Africa?
How do I go about raising capital for my indie film?
How do I get funding for my online store in prototype stage?
Do you know of any business ideas that were funded solely on the merit of the idea and without any prototype or whatever else?
How does Gordon Miller calculate 6B in value created even though his webpage says only 100m?
Do large multinational firms like Google and MS take on debt to raise funds or are their funding needs satisfied through selling shares/liquid assets?
Will lower valuation help to lower the liquidation preferences of the investor?
What are some interesting problems in finance, real estate or private equity that I should spend a year trying to solve with technology?
What is the relationship between capital structure and firm value?
How can I raise funds for a social impact campaign that might change millions of people's lives?
What startup books or training resources do startup founders receive from their VC or seed-funding companies?
How do I find funds received by any Indian NGO?
Which investor is best for my startup, Angel or VC?
How do firms conduct due diligence for impact investments?
How much is the paid-up capital?
How does pre/post money rise after an investment?
How many separate funds does a typical venture capital firm manage?
Why/how do some companies raise capital in much larger rounds ($100M or more while series B or earlier) while others seem to raise it in smaller jumps?
Why are the investors still funding Indian startups, despite they are going in loss?
How does the MRR growth rate differ between a VC funded company and a bootstrapped company? (post product/market fit)?
Is it necessary that partners at VC attend everyday the firm to monitor day-to-day work?
Where can I find more information about FinTech?
Why is Toronto such a capital for financial technology startups?
How do you gain traction and $6M VC funding for your multi-sided platform startup?
How do you see the last 10 years of startups in India? A rise of entrepreneurship, or a supply flood due to demand created by VCs?
Why are VCs on boards hesitant to remove or replace founder CEOs who don't deliver?
What are the economics of a seed fund?
What is the use of IRR?
What are the recommended investment bankers for an Indian startup looking to raise a $6-$8m funding round?
If you are an investor, what will you look for before you invest in a company?
How can I divide the equity in a startup in the first round, in the second, and so on, with the investor and previous investor? How will it be diluted?
How can I find an investor for my computer game project?
As the first VP of marketing at an early stage startup (series A, raised $5M), is .03% ownership a reasonable number?
A private investor offered money and mentorship for a 51% ownership with a deprecation based on revenue increase. What advice do you have?
Is it still possible to go into tech/VC investing with a JD from a top law school (HYS)?
How do venture capitalists generate themes and ideas for things to invest in?
How important is it for investors to have a non-compete clause among founders?
What are the minimum and maximum requirements for a founding team to apply for the 500 Startups seed program and the Series A program?
Who are the top VCs/Angels for SaaS in healthcare?
How did Quora spend the first 11M from Series A? And the 50M and 80M from the other rounds?
How did you first get involved with startups? What lessons did you learn?
Is there an investment firm that builds Greenfield capital-intensive projects by coordinating investors and vendors without putting up any equity checks?
Why hasn't Apple, Google, etc developed cool glasses with a heads up display that I can control with hand gestures and voice/whisper?
If a startup has a capped note and a round is priced over the cap, do the note holder's extra shares come from common, new investors or both?
Would an investor from your LinkedIn or Angel.co network be open to take a critical look at your executive summary?
I'm in Vietnam. How can I connect with Venture Capitalists in this region?
How much equity does the general counsel have in a VC firm (average)?
From where do the startups find investments?
Where do you get your first investment from to fund your very first idea?
How can I raise money on YouTube?
How can I approach investors for funding for a clothing business?
Where can I learn more about venture capitalists who specialize in funding startups in rural America?
Do venture capitalists sometimes invest as angel investors separate from their funds/firm?
What do the growth rates of high-growth fintech companies look like in the early years?
Why would carryn owens go to the capital?
When you sum a list of rounded down numbers do you round the answer up?
Which creative early-stage startup funding stories are out there?
What will be the next big VC backed startup to come out of Atlanta?
I have $50,000 that I would like to invest in starting a new business. What are some good business ideas that might require this type of investment?
How easy or difficult is it to get a second round of investment for startups?
What advice would you give to someone who is interviewing for a fellowship at a VC?
What is the difference between the early growth stage and the rapid growth stage of a start-up?
What are SAP VC constraints?
What is the industry average equity stake for a non-founding CTO in a seed-stage startup?
Is an angel investment better than a VC?
Can you enhance your negotiating power in fundraising?
How can I raise funding for my startup (based on manure)?
What makes an investment attractive?
Does the fact that Uber has borrowed money mean that it has already burned through all of its venture capital money?
How do I build a startup without a venture capital?
What is the best way to find angel investors or venture capital?
What is capital revenue ?
I have a startup product with a lot of potential; pre-revenue. Development nearly completed. How can I find angel investment if I live in Scotland?
What would be the different financial models to pitch (stakewise) when raising funds from an investor in the restaurant space?
Why did Tata Starbucks choose a joint venture versus some other form of growth?
What do venture capitalists look for in a CEO during a pitch?
What should be the ideal 'made it profitable'/'failed' ratio for a venture capital firm to run successfully?
Can additional paid-in capital be increased without affecting the current outstanding stocks base?
Why aren’t there investors for startups whose market is Latin America? Silicon Valley VCs and angels look like they run away from it.
What percentage of VCs are completely useless? I don't mean a certain level of returns, but the pre-failure hotshots who make VCs look bad.
Do you think companies like Dropbox and Uber are better off staying private, given the large availability of venture capital and bonds/debt financing?
How is the return on investment for a VC fund linked with public stock markets?
How can I raise fund for an online shop in Nigeria?
What are the necessary steps to becoming an Internet joint venture broker?
How can I get in touch with Freestyle Capital or the partners involved (Josh Felser and Dave Samuel)?
How do you build a technology company without any funding for under a year profitable exit?
What should corporate executives learn from venture capitalists?
What is the fiduciary duty of the owner of a general partner to limited partners?
How do I get significant investors so I can set up my investment fund?
When is the best time to approach VCs?
Who are the current set of investors in India focusing at Healthcare startups?
How can you do a startup funding pitch deck pre or early launch and have the financial projections and marketing projections without them being total BS?
What are the potential pitfalls of starting a venture capital firm in a developing country with an unstable currency?
Do venture capitalists visit Manipal University?
If you really believe ideas are a dime a dozen, would you list them out here in exchange for cash, equity and revenue share for anything executed on?
Which WordPress based startups have been succesfully funded by VCs?
What are the pros and cons of self-funded startups?
Would you like to see more investor education for equity/regulation crowdfunding?
Which business owners are good to follow on Quora? I follow a few angel investors, but I'm looking for business insights, not how to find investors.
What is the best online investment firm?
What is 'carry' in venture capital?
Does the conclusion of "invest if return exceeds capital costs" mean that companies only can invest in projects which are riskier than the company’s own risk?
Do VC’s have a need for a self-promotion (by self-promotion I mean publishing their own articles, opinions, advice, etc.)?
How does revenue relate to capital raised?
How can I get a venture capital of Rs. 100 crore?
Do G3i ventures invests in India? If not , why?
What are some $10 words used by VCs and investors?
How do I conduct venture capital due diligence on a promising new biotech discovery?
How do you manage post-investment? Is there any report system suitable for post-deal management?
Why does Peter Thiel invested in a company like Facebook when he thinks competition is for losers and one must work on something no one is working on?
What stage of the investment cycle are the U.S capital markets?
Who has been the most succesful angels/VCs in India?
Which type of the two funding options (angel investment and venture capital) should you aim for?
Which market reports by whom do VCs read regularly?
What is the best way to find a credit card processing Tech Support joint venture partner?
What is the approximate ROI of the 10 largest VC firms in the United States?
Would Silicon Valley VC’s invest in Canadian corporations looking to establish a 2nd office in San Francisco?
Will venture capitalists like Accel fund us, despite us not being from IIT/IIM? We are from ISI Kolkata and have a solid startup idea.
Who are visionary VCs?
Which investments had the best capital growth during the housing boom between November 2001–December 2007?
How can I find financers to fund my capital projects?
What could Mars send back in a SpaceX return vehicle that could be profitable here on Earth?
What is the best classified ad headline for "Looking For Investor"?
I want to start a company by raising fund through investor for my company how can I get profited and what will be the rules by investor?
Should we go after Venture Capital, and when?
What are the main reasons for dry powder to increase?
What do angel investors and venture capitalists look in an entrepreneur which favours investing?
Why is customer financing, revenue or equity great news?
What isn’t a capital structure problem?
What are some potential ventures or side hustles that an 18-year-old college student can start with a starting capital of $10,000?
How long does it take to find an investor for a startup?
What does a VC business plan look like with regards to cash flows?
Is the startup landscape in 2017 similar to that of 1998?
Is there a free site that lists the revenue and valuations of private companies?
Is AngelList good for raising seed financing?
How can a CA fresher get into private equity/venture capital?
How does startup funding work? Why does the percentage owned by earlier investors go down over time?
Do VCs and Angel investors advise CEOs and founders on their personal issues when asked?
Would angel investors and venture capitalists like to invest in a model which is just set but hasn’t started its functioning?
How do angel investors search for startups?
How does nationalization of firms work?
How can I get investors to take me seriously?
How is a proper investment presentation supposed to go when presenting to a VC group? Is there a certain guideline to follow?
Where can I invest seed capital in business opportunities?
What is a good frequency for updating angel investors?
Would VC firms use a service that pre-vetted startups, verified their revenues, expenses, and employees, and provided analysis?
What are some good questions that a founder should ask a VC firm, or an angel investor?
Is it ok to tell VCs that their connection to top engineers is more important than money? (I've been contacted by banker/MBA VCs, will say no.)
What are examples of great early stage startup websites?
What went wrong with Rocket Internet?
How can you mitigate VC bias against single-founder startups?
What are examples of technical and at the same time non-technical founders of startups? Are there ones?
Is there a way to verify company valuation?
How a venture capitalist investment works?
If the capital of one partner is not sufficient to observe their share of a loss, what do we call it?
What elements are required to build a comprehensive start-up deck for seed funding?
What do you want to tell about your new venture regarding news portal?
Are there any robotic challenges where design is considered as the first round of qualification and funding is provided to carry out the same?
How can I get an investor for my new 10+2 school project?
What is the best way to network at a tech startup meet?
Can we approach the incubators for funding when we only have the idea and the method of operation of our startup?
Will VCs or angel investors invest in a weather app if it has 10 million user base and making revenue?
Is There a plan to Fund New and upcoming startups?
Where do VC's hang out online?
What are my odds of raising $5mm capital for a FinTech start-up in the US market?
Who is the best venture capital recruitment in London?
Why is abnormal loss not recorded in joint venture?
Are VCs are interested in African startup?
In this day and age what is the minimum amount of capital you need to create a startup?
Why aren't VCs too eager to invest in online dating startups?
I'm a full-time online Spanish teacher who wants to start selling digital products. Do I need my corporate brand identity guidelines now?
What metrics do social network startups have to have in order to close a $1M-$2M seed round (2017)?
How can I raise funds for my association?
As an angel investor or VC, do you prefer a founder saying he has a plan B if his startup fails or that he doesn't?
What are some New York VC firms interested in advanced materials and/or machine learning?
What are the benefit of outdoor venture?
Should I approach a venture capitalist for £500k if I envision the business being worth five million in five years?
Which exponential ventures and medical companies are going public in 18 months?
How do founders/CEOs maintain friendship and business with their friend turned employees?
Who are some black venture capitalists in Silicon Valley?
What's the difference between a director and an advisor? After what time does a new company create a board with them? How is the compensation for them?
What are the steps that a startup should take from zero to becoming an established company?
What is your opinion on Union Sq Ventures investing in Polychain?
How did Uber raise so much money?
What are the best VC's firms to approach for funding?
What due diligence should I do before investing in property in Newburgh, New York?
What is the VC follow up email?
What was the largest M&A exit ever of a privately-held, VC-backed company?
Is it good to raise money from VCs/angel investors?
What does a venture capitalist prefer when funding an idea, a fast-paced, high-profit business model or a stable operating business?
What are some good ways to raise money for a man of the year contest?
Where do I find business investors cum partners for my global ventures in e-commerce, fashion & recruitment?
How can I find VCs or angels interested in consumer credit startups?
Most of VC's like to fund IT startups '' new software inventions '' . How to find VC's could fund real things, like engineering new tech copter?
How do I contact a venture capitalist for startup funding?
How can I figure out how much money to ask for from a VC for a tech startup?
Does venture capital always need to exit its investments?
What is G3i Ventures LLC?
As a VC or angel investor, how did you get convinced by a startup without a co-founder?
Who are the active angel investors in India? How do I contact them, and how much can an entrepreneur expect an angel investor to invest?
What lessons can be learned from the Juicero debacle?
Why is it wrong to be a "wannabe" entrepreneur?
I need $50,000 to fund my robotics startup. Should I rather make the money by myself, raise public money or go and talk to a VC?
How does your approach to seed stage fintech investing differ from other regulated and unregulated verticals?
Is there an agree upon definition of capitalism? Or does everyone asking and answering questions regarding capitalism have to define it?
What is the success rate of Vibrant Gujrat? Do all the MoUs realized? Do the investors really Invested as per their commitment?
What should I include in a 5 minute pitch to seed investors?
Which type of business can I venture into with a capital of $100 with quick returns?
How do you do so much with your time and still manage to be in great shape, raise a family, and open new ventures?
How much average time it will take to raise seed 100K capital with Gust?
Is Knightscope a good investment?
Is there a reason why many (male) VCs in Silicon Valley don't seem to wear wedding rings?
How is a private investment firm different from a VC firm?
What has being a venture capitalist taught you about people and business?
Why do people get so happy after receiving series A funding?
How do you get an angel investor to invest in only 2 weeks or less?
Is the funder investment deluting the share capital?
What are critical resources for first time startup founders at the very beginning of the process?
Which name do you prefer for a start-up VC company focused on the next generation of platform business models, Wave 5 Ventures or Gen 4 Ventures?
What are the IRRs on Fundrise's non-growth funds?
Where can I invest 5000$ as angel investor? And how to avoid highly premoney evaluation?
Are there any VC funds active in West Africa?
I have built an electric bike and I need investors to fund me so that I can start my company, what do I do?
How do you determine the value of a startup that hasn't sold any product yet (because it's in an early stage of development) but has a big market pot?
Can I email Gordon Miller asking for advice about my present startup rather than funding? Would he consider that worthwhile?
How is PivotDesk performing? After one fundraiser many years ago, it has not been in any news.
Will IPOs come to an end soon?
What will venture capitalists do if our startup is a loss?
Will a VC invest $35m in a startup? How much stake will they take?
How much money do angel investors lose, collectively and as individuals (and per investment) per venture & at a time?
Is it fine to have read receipt when we email to prospective venture capitalists or investors?
What is the need of venture capital?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like glaringly horrible concepts?
How do VCs raise funds for themselves?
What is the best way to start and successfully fund a start-up?
Which is the best way to ask for funding for a startup?
What do I do if a potential investor in my startup takes way too long to email me back?
Why are Uber and Amazon able to go so far beyond profitability into a grey zone of losing billions of dollars a year with hypothetical evaluations?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of capital flow?
Why aren't more women founders getting funded?
How do I get funding for my business?
Would Bay Area VCs invest in a Canadian startup utilizing a cross-border incorporation structure?
What are customary fees paid to someone who makes an introduction for aiding a company seeking funding?
What advice would Gordon Miller give to a 16 year old kid aspiring to go into PE/VC?
Which investments had the best capital growth during the tech boom of 1991 – 2001?
Where can I get daily updates of VC deals?
How can a mobile app startup that has no income but has valuable user data raise fundings?
What does the investor relation team in a company do?
Is Nu Skin sales a good venture to get into? Why or why not?
Who can evaluate or provide feedback on my Idea?
Where can I find someone who can help me with introducing me to VCs on a commission basis?
Where can I find US$500,000.00 in start up capital?
If you are an Angel investor - how do you calculate your success rate?
What are the biggest struggles during the Series B funded part of Startup growth?
What is opinion of VCs about startups in India?
How can I get seed funding for my startup before registering the company?
How can I find an investor to fund my invention?
If I am planning to start a new company, how to raise funds for running that funds?
What does the VC investment process look like from the inside (from initial meeting to closing)?
How do VC's evaluate a startup's security protocols during due diligence?
What are some ways to receive research funding as a company?
How do I start a fund raising page?
What do startup CEOs use for tracking relationships and communication with investors and potential partners?
How would you create a business fund dedicated to fueling specifically low cost ventures? Would your fund be profitable?
Are there any good startups that got funded on an idea-basis only?
As a VC, what dimension of a company are you disproportionately willing to take risks on?
What do venture capitalists think is the most important criteria to win funding from VC or angel investors?
Who decides the amount of authorised capital for any company?
Do VCs and Angel investors believe that employees of a startup work towards the mission and vision of the company?
After having built a fully operational platform (iOS, Android and Web), what's the best way to source the next round of funding (Angel or Venture)?
Is it possible for a citizen from another country to get funding for his idea by an American venture firm? If so, what is needed, and how does the process work?
Is it going to affect my venture if my idea is not related to the stream in which I have done graduation?
Should the founder demand their salary as part of business plan while trying to get funding?
Why is most VC funding in US dollars?
What stage of my startup I should approach VC, to have the best negotiation position and in the same time not to sabotage the growth of the startup?
How much VC funding would I need to build an adult theme park?
How can I ask for a VC firm that operates abroad for partnership to suggest deals in our country (I have a consulting firm)?
What is joint venture account?
If you’re raising a seed round with a 12-month runway and will need another round within 3 years, do you include that round of funding in your projections?
How can I determine the current valuation of a startup?
Can we invest in any LLP partner?
What is the best way to raise my co-investment?
What's the best wiki service to make a custom dealflow tracking system for VC purposes?
Where can we find seed investors in Mumbai?
What is the Pan-European VCS?
When were PowerPoint decks first used in startup pitches to VCs?
Have you tried using an investment strategy that capitalizes on hype?
At what stage of funding is most appropriate to get involved?
When a VC invests in tranches based on milestones, is the equity given out the same way?
Why does Google invest capital less aggressively than Amazon?
How would a company go public if all of the investors have an anti-dilution provision?
How many associates join VC firms like Sequoia Capital each year?
How do you use investors' money?
Who are the most active investors in Luxembourg based start-ups?
Which venture capital firms are interested in making blockchain investments?
How can I submit applications to Google Ventures & Microsoft Ventures to raise funds?
If you are a pre-revenue startup with an alpha product and a couple of users doing testing, what is the data/financials investors want to see at this stage?
What are some early stage startups that will become unicorns in 2017?
How do I raise funds for a startup through venture capital in India?
What are some pre-seed VC companies that invest in biotech companies?
Startups in China: Which Seed Investment or Venture Capital Firms are focused on Financial Products and Big Data?
How would the economy be impacted if Warren Buffett decided to go into venture capital?
How is investing in early tech companies "more art than science"?
Do you support the continued existence of and full funding for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
Which VC funds in India are interested in funding startup textile retail businesses?
How do VCs prepare their own deck?
How do you manage post-investment? Can you recommend any report system that work well in First Round Capital?
What's the average capital of a newly-established VC firm?
What are the websites that can fund my start up?
What is the valuation of my company?
What are the best books written on the Consumer Internet?
What are the tips for impressing investors when pitching?
Who are some of the investors in India who invest in tech startup ideas?
After bootstrapping our startup, at what point should we approach investors for more funding?
Which steps should I follow to raise my TOEIC points from 500 to 900?
Will angel investors automatically be turned off of funding a startup with no traction or prior funding?
Where can I find international angel investors or venture capitalists interested in Nigeria or West Africa?
What does G3i ventures do?
Are there Angel investors or early stage VC's looking to invest in AR/VR startup?
How beneficial would it be to go to a coding bootcamp if I wanted to work in venture capital?
Are there any venture capital firm conventions near Cincinnati?
Do angel investors hold any liabilities if they are on the board of companies that engaged in fraud assuming they are ignorant of the crime?
How do VCs make money when they buy non-participating preferred stock (with a 1x liquidation preference)?
What are the future avenues for venture capitalists in India?
Will VCs and Angels invest in single founder startups, who plans to hire CTO and employees after seed round?
Can a Seed or Angel Round be too big?
What are terms on which investors fund startups (what is mechanism of investors’ funding in case of profit as well as loss)?
How can I raise funds for constructing a rescue centre for pregnant girls?
What was the pre-money valuation of Talkwalker and KPI6? Where can I find such information?
What are the great beginner books that would answer the question, "How much equity should my company retain after 1st round funding?" and all that?
Why do startups typically not tell the media how many customers they have?
Is there any good startup which can be start without huge financial funding?
Is it worth engaging a venture capital consultant for finding investors & funding?
Do venture capital firms allow CA students to do internship?
What is the percentage of profit the investors demand?
How is the ideal teaser for prospective VC´s?
Can an outsider, who is not a partner, invest in a partnership firm?
When should a start-up have revenue? What does happen when a start-up gets revenue from a very early stage?
What are some lies VCs and Angel investors tell themselves?
I am seeking $187,000 as an investment or credit line. What should the investor's ROI be? What should the cap be on the return on investment be?
How should a founder's equity (at $50,000) + assets (entire office: software, hardware, desks from a previous company) be accounted for in a cap table?
Can equity crowdfunding platforms disrupt traditional venture capital and angel investing?
Is it possible for someone with successful business experience but no college education to start their own venture capital or private equity firm?
What type of crowd funding is appropriate for a portfolio of mobile apps on the university space?
We are one year old, is this right time to approach for investors?
Where do I find creative financing for unique OP?
Which of the two (angel investment and venture capital) do you prefer to be involved in the operations of your company?
Can I still grow my company without raising funds from anybody?
What type of startups are of the most interest to investors in FinTech?
How do I get seed funding for my start up?
What happens when a VC firm disbands?
How do get USA VC to invest on your idea (NEW model of B2B marketplace) when you are out of USA?
How do I start a social venture capital firm?
What is holding back venture capitalists and angel investors from participating in "Equity CrowdFunding campaigns"?
Why aren't limited partners involved in the management of startups, according to venture capital?
Is it reasonable to negotiate a provision that requires VCs to remove themselves from the board after a 10x ROI?
Who is actually funding PSL?
What did Facebook investors think of the legal troubles between founders in its early days?
What are the services available from big investment companies for Debt capital ventures?
May 2017 - What does it take for a post-revenue startup to raise around $2–3M?
Can you seek funding if you are in pre- or early into your launch with not a lot of users or traction yet?
Do state-owned VCs exist?
What have you learned so far in venture capital?
How can I safely discuss the possibility of entering into a joint business venture, without divulging too much information to the other party?
What is a list of things to do step-by-step for a new startup? How can you get funding?
Are there companies which help other company to pitch investors?
What should an investor look for in an ICO to determine whether he should invest or not?
Are VCs good for a startup? What are the things we should remember before meeting a VC?
When a VC is exploring an investment in a startup and asks to meet the customers, should the founders ask the star customers to contact the VC?
What does it take to start a venture capital fund?
Is it possible in the U.S. to be a general partner in a VC firm and have a job running an incubator?
Hypothetically, if angels, a super angel, and a micro VC is interested, what type of investor would you choose to get your startup funded and why?
What are the advantages of overseas VC money?
What is your experience in raising money for a film project?
Why do ace investors make their investment positions public?
How do I get a job with a private firm?
What are most seed stage fintech startup cofounders in denial about?
Is it important for a start-ups to get investment?
What is 'bonus in equity capital ratio'?
What type of AI and in what industry will AI have the largest impact in 2017?
When venture capitalists invested in the wildly successful tech companies of today, did they anticipate that level of success?
What are some red flags for people new to angel investing when evaluating companies?
Shall I let my prospective investors know how much my competitor has raised and their valuation?
Why should one work in venture capital instead of other finance sectors?
To what extent do authors go to sell their very first book?
How do the mechanics of equity work if you raised money from more than 1 investor in terms of the percentage of ownership each gets?
What positions will I need to fill for an early-stage social network startup?
What are the best early indicators of a tech downturn in the Bay Area?
Can a D.C. law firm co-owned by a non-lawyer raise capital by selling off shares or offering promissory notes to investors?
How did Uretsky obtain the first funding for his three startups?
What are the basic requirements for getting seed funding?
Does startup portfoilo investing really follow a J curve?
What are the best business ventures in India?
What is PitchBook?
What are some of the lucrative businesses in financial markets other than hedge funds/per/VC?
What is meant by capital structure?
Where can you find venture capitalists interested in the African real estate market?
Any VC for ideation stage startup?
How can you get VCs to fund your high end fashion line for kids?
Is it possible to raise money without a product but with letters of intent? (See the details.)
Assuming I personally created an MVP of my idea, does me being a single founder help or hinder angel investors funding my early stage startup?
Which venture has the best ROI, a killer app or a killer book?
How can I convince an investor for creating an air company?
Where does Antifa get its funding, and who runs it?
What are reasons to not invest in companies started by dropouts?
How do VCs view Masayoshi Son's $100 billion vision fund?
Which angels/VCs look at pre-seed deals?
What will be your plan B, if you cannot make your startup work after graduation?
Why should one pitch to VCs and not angel investors?
How likely am I to be able to move to the US after my startup is funded (or being replaced after funding)?
Why should one pitch to angel investors and not VCs?
What is the likelihood that a private equity firm, in a minority investment, will exercise their drag-along right against the wishes of management?
Who can give me an idea of the fundraising sector in Europe? Is it "easy" to raise funds for Central American causes?
How can I ensure that the VCs don't steal my idea if I tell them or mail them my B-plan?
What is the biggest problem of VCs worth solving?
What is the difference between Ordinary Resident and not- ordinary resident?
Is there an investor from America looking for a great deal of investment deal from Africa?
What is the ratio of investment in a joint capital venture?
What should I include in a message to a VC I connected with in the past?
How do you get a VC to invest in your project?
What should a fair/typical medical device royalty rate be from an early stage university technology?
How did Wag! raise $19M in funding when they are obviously doing such a bad job caring for the dogs on their app?
How do I make the perfect pitch deck for angel investors?
Are there any venture capitalists that specialize in funding startups ran by entrepreneurs with disabilities?
Why do so many companies with no hope of being profitable get funded?
What do you enjoy about being an Angel investor?
Where do I find an investor for my start up in Los Angeles?
How can an established small business raise more capital to invest in new equipment to update?
Can $2,000 start up a biscuit producing venture?
What was the venture planning of Amazon startup?
Who are the current rising stars in venture capital industry?
How do partners suggest companies to invest in, in VC firms?
Are there any angel investors who would invest in a photographer?
If a company gets listed in stock market to raise funds for business, how much funds can it get and how many shares can it offer?
How did Quora manage to spend $80 million in just three years?
What is dilution in shares and what are examples of anti-dilution rights?
Is it customary (or scam) for a Series A investor to require a performance deposit (6K) from a start-up as part of the term sheet and due diligence?
At what valuation did GRAIL raise their $900M Series B?
What are the unique characteristics of Millennial entrepreneurs in terms of starting, scaling and financing startup ventures?
Why there is only two successful exits on Crowdcube since 2011?
What is the math investors do while an entrepreneur is pitching?
How does Ambani raise funds?
What are some great, creative ways to raise funds for disability cause?
How does a new proof of concept renewable energy startup find the right lead investor and or mentors?
What do we guarantee for the investors of a venture capital firm?
How do I raise the funds for a new startup?
I am in south Florida making a pitch for an angel round of funding. I have an MVP and clients already. Where can I find another CEO going through the same thing?
Is Uber a Ponzi scheme?
Is it better to look for funding at idea phase or only after some sort of validation?
What is the importance of financial analysis for a new venture?
Can capital appreciation be predicted?
What rights do investors in tech startups have to know about the finances of the companies in which they invest?
How do I get VC funding at 17 years old?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk a good first investor for a startup?
Our company is at its MVP stage. We don't have funds yet. It works. Should we register now or get funds and then register?
Legal terminology: How to differentiate partnership and joint venture?
How should one prepare before pitching the startup idea/business model to the VCs?
I am part of strategic investment unit for a tier 1 bank. How can I transfer to a VC firm?
How can I market my humanitarian cause and raise money for it if I have no money?
Is it true that NITians have more trouble getting funding for their ventures than IITians?
Do online grocery services like Bigbasket, Grofers, Localbanya, Zopnow and PepperTap engage customers in India through offers or services?
What are ways angel investors can make a return on their investment if a company doesn't sell or go public?
How do I compete with a company that has unlimited capital and I don't?
How do I get investors to partner with me for a tech startup in Nigeria?
What are the ways physicians can be involved in venture capital and entrepreneurship?
Is 5% equity fair for providing possibly 80% of the seed money in an app startup at the very early stage?
Where can I find immediate investors from any country?
How common is it for an investor to fund a great novel?
Will you invest in my startup if I pitch to you in public?
How much money did virtuagym raise?
How should you present your company to a VC for a seed round?
Do early stage startups really need a brand?
How does a holding company raise funding?
Why do investors invest in startups? Can't they simply execute the same idea better?
Who are the investors behind Inditex Group?
Why would lawyers make great VCs according to Ted Wang?
What factors are taken into consideration before a company makes an ICO?
How do I make money in venture capital or equality investment right out of college?
How can I arise fund to start up a electric car project?
Is there a "unicorn map" for follow-on offering?
What is a typical compensation structure for a third-party registered investment adviser tasked with raising some capital for a VC fund?
Where can I find angel investors come mentors looking to invest in impact start ups?
Are venture Capital Finders/brokers frowned upon?
Is there an angel investor who may be interested in funding an Indonesian start-up in the manufacture and export of products made from agricultural waste?
Is it mandatory to take on venture capital with convertible debt?
Was Beepi's ultimate demise due to a lack of understanding of Chinese VCs often breaking their commitments in deal flow?
Should I engage in quick money business ventures?
What might angel investors find appealing in feature film (dramatic or genre) investments? What might they find unappealing? Why would you fund a movie?
How do companies raise funds?
Why is it too difficult for African start-up businesses to raise capital from abroad?
As an angel investor, how do you get used to less structure like a 9 to 5 job?
What's the nicest way to tell an investor that you don't want them to invest in your startup?
Are there VC shops that use a contrarian strategy?
What is super charged capitalism?
What's a good way to offer/negotiate long term design services with a VC firm?
How do I raise funds for a startup in a Tier 2 city like Agra?
Does Trello being acquired by Atlassian mean more market share for my similar startup and how would you capitalize on the situation?
Could Silicon Valley have grown as it did without venture capital?
Will equity crowdfunding replace angel investors?
Do investors prefer investing in startups by IIMians regardless of the idea?
Should I become a VC or an entrepreneur?
Should I put an investment ask in my seed deck?
How can I model VC fund returns in an Excel spreadsheet?
When you raise capital from an angel or VC company, how is that money taxed? Or is it?
Can I fund a non-profit entity which doesn't generate any revenue and expect future operational costs to be funded by larger funding entities?
What kind of a support can a startup in Chandigarh get?
Should I get ahold of your investor and get your money pulled from joint venture capital?
Did Peter Thiel originate the notion that successful startups and VCs have to correctly identify good ideas that most would simply dismiss as bad?
What Benchmark-funded companies have gone public?
Will Soylent be successful in the long term?
How do I raise money for my fashion career?
Would early stage startup founders pay for mentorship?
What is an SNVA venture?
What should an investment deck contain?
How can I buy back my equity from the investor?
What do billionaires do with the capital that is not locked in their own companies share capital?
Can capitalism be managed?
How do I get funding for an initial stage idea in India?
What secrets do VCs/Angels know about writing excellent pitch decks?
Would an angel investor be comfortable investing in a 1-man team?
I am trying to raise seed from accredited investors. What is the best route? Would it be a Reg D offering and what are the pros and cons? Can I do a Reg C offering now using the new crowdfunding release of the SEC?
What are the names of private equity firms in the San Francisco area that invest in Middle market companies?
What did Trello's cap table look like when it was acquired by Atlassian?
What should CEO/Founder need to do, to be approached by VCs?
How did the venture capital ecosystem first develop in Israel? What did the government do to kick off & boost the ecosystem?
What is the best competitive advantage of Venture Intelligence in comparison with Pitchbook or CB Insights?
How do you get into contact with Pre/Seed Capital Investors from S.Korea/China/Saudi Arabia?
How do I tell a founder politely that I will not "follow-on"?
We are a tech company with over $150K monthly revenue and people are telling us to seek for funding, but we don't want that, are we right?
What do you say in an email introducing your company to a VC when raising funds?
What are the different ROI types for angel investors in India?
Start-Up in Life Science. Do I focus on product development or in raising funding, if I run short in money and manpower?
What's the best way to pitch a product to VCs that has a total market size of 10 million people (in US)?
In a professional sense, such as CA, consulting or VC contexts, how do you really become comfortable with numbers? How do you know if you are?
Where could a disadvantaged women find $25,000 in capital for startup?
How do I start a small venture capital in Greece?
Who are some VC's that invest in game app companies?
How invest 5000 USD in my MVP?
Do you think we have reached the end of a cycle in tech and venture capital (April 2017)? If so, what companies would survive a coming crash?
Do investors fund startups outside of their own country? If so, do they require a face to face before closing the deal?
How would a downturn in tech and real estate in the SF Bay Area compare to prior cycles in 2001 and 2009?
What's the diffrence between working in a venture capital firm and a bank?
What is the difference between Angel investors, venture capitalists and Silent Partner Investors?
Is it common for a Silicon Valley VC to contact you out of the blue?
Which company has excess working capital?
Why would a VC invest in low profitability startups?
How do I raise the initial funds for my B2B SaaS application?
What are some investments that can cause the investor to lose more than what he invested?
What are market commissions on fundraising? What are market commissions on equity raising? And what are market commissions on debt raising?
Will a startup manage to get funding from investors if it doesn't have any users?
What's the average valuation of a pre-seed round in Silicon Valley for a SaaS company?
What is the objective behind startup valuation?
When selling shares to investor, should we allot new shares or transfer the shares?
What are prominent Startup events of India?
What are the best startup networking events / meetups in New Delhi?
How much funds have been raised by Telegram India so far?
I need to create an investment strategy for a new VC fund. Where do I start?
What could be the reason for the continues rally of Indiabulls Ventures?
What are the ways that two-sided marketplace startups prevent the two sides from working directly?
Are there any angel investors in Chennai?
What is Snapchat’s history for raising money?
How do founders get funding for pre-revenue startup?
Should MaizeGDB receive taxpayer funding?
Is it advisable to express to VC that one of your main activities is learning?
How often do VC funds make capital calls? Is it 10% at a time, once a year? What happens if the fund needs capital sooner than anticipated?
How does the Waymo lawsuit affect Google Ventures' investment in Uber and vice-versa? How does the conflict of interest play out?
What's the optimal short-term strategy for an early-stage consumer internet startup?
How does an IPO raise money for a company if all the shares are coming from current equity owners?
What numbers do VC looks ina startup for funding?
What is the difference between what shareholders vote on and board members vote on? We’re trying to understand some basics in corporate governance.
Do investors invest their money outside their countries?
How would a VC/Angel Investor feel about a potential investment-founder having another job/business?
I am having a second meeting with a venture capitalist and we are supposed to talk about the numbers. What does this mean?
Who are the active seed stage investors in Bangalore?
Do master-feeder funds invest in start-ups?
Can investors who invested in your startup choose a CEO instead of you?
The most successful entrepreneur and investor in our industry contacted our startup, but he has already invested in a competitor so what does he want?
Due diligence: When doing due diligence on an angel, what questions should you ask the angel and what questions should you ask a portfolio company about the angel?
What business venture is well suited for success in east Africa for now and the next 10 years?
What all documents are required for a PAN application of a joint venture of a 2-partner firm?
What is the real rift between SoftBank, Kalaari Capital, and Nexus Venture Partners over Snapdeal’s valuation?
What are some of the early stage strategies for any startup?
What percentage of ideas submitted to venture capitalists are rubbish?
What are the best early stage VCs in Amsterdam?
What is the best legal funding company?
How can the average investor learn about the inner workings of companies?
Where can I find angels that invest in robotic technology startups?
I don't want to miss out on the new Google. Which sources on new tech companies would you recommend for a potential investor?
What advice do you have for a blog that was launched in November and already has 100,000 unique monthly visitors?
Do I need a formal business plan in order to get an angel investment?
How much % of VAT is capitalized on the purchase of capital goods in Maharashtra?
What are the options to raise funds for startups in India?
Who cannot be a partner in a firm except minors?
How much funding does Waymo have?
How do venture capitalists respond to the American Dream phrase?
Will an angel investor fund my weird startup?
As someone who works in the creative industry, will you use my business's website?
If a startup fails to get funding after a few seed rounds due to a reason not related to the business directly, why is it a wash?
When will company returns raised money from IPO?
What online tools VCs use to carry out the due diligence of a typical Mobile App based consumer internet company?
Can a Canadian start a company in the US if he/she is backed by VC investment?
Is porn just another capitalistic venture for Quora, or was this a trap sent by the government/intelligence community ?
Are there equity crowdfunding platforms that focus on early stage startups (idea, pre-product, pre-market stages, etc.)?
How do an IT solution firm works?
Is there anybody on Quora whose venture has been recognized as a "startup" in the Startup India program?
I recently got $10 million in seed funding, how should I set up my startup?
Who are the best early-stage (seed and series A funded) start up founders in India?
How do I start a venture fund in India?
What is the best deal to make with an investor? It’s for a social media startup that has an app built but no funding. Investors are interested.
What is the story of FranklyMe and why did it shut down?
If I wanted to pitch my idea to Gordon Miller or any other VC's/even Angel Investors, what information should I send?
When one VC goes into due diligence on your startup, is it cool to tell other potential investors with the intention of advancing conversations?
What is the basic difference between private equity and venture capital?
How do I estimate the amount my co-founder should invest to get equity on the startup?
What are some great resources for entrepreneurs who are looking for angel investors and don't know where to begin?
What are the most common funding options for startups?
What are the advantages of taking venture debt instead of venture capital?
How is a typical Series A B2B SaaS startup structured organizationally, e.g., what are the typical teams and titles?
How much capital is required to start a venture capital?
How do I find good investors for my potential drug?
Where does paid in capital go after the registration of a company?
How do I become a VC or angel investor?
What are KRA's of a valuation engineer?
Which Indian startup is looking for funding in 2017?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of all venture capital firms in the US?
Bruce, would a VC fund a monkey if the monkey will return 5X of invested capital and a IRR of 20%+?
As a first time startup, what is a good ROI for the first in seed/angel investor bringing in 250K?
How can I get a venture capital for my decade old restaurant business to expand?
What are the important things for a startup to approach a VC?
What books describe American venture capital?
What are the possible exit strategies for investors in an e-commerce venture?
What kinds of hurdles have you faced from investors when you wanted to shut down your startup?
Does my Amazon-/VC-praised work portend the disruption of LinkedIn?
Which are the best angel investor websites in India that support start ups?
When evaluating a company and looking to invest, what are the main factors VCs look at? I.e., what makes a good investment?
How did you acquire your seed funding?
Should SpaceX form a joint venture with a gene editing company to speed up the adaptation of Earth creatures on Mars?
Are there any Angel Investors who invest in non-tech seed stage startups?
How can India become the world's hub of startups even without helping entrepreneurs converting LLPs into Pvt. Ltd.?
We are a bootstrapped start-up and not looking to raise funds for the next year but are facing a tough time hiring an "A" team. Any ideas?
Is there a need for a "continent capital", despite the fact that each country has its own capital?
How do I get funding for my police related startup?
How many hours do inventors put into their prototypes before taking them to investors?
How can I make my pitch to VCs when I don't know any personally?
From where do the top venture capital firms like Accel, SoftBank or Tiger Global get so much money to invest?
Why do the major VCs (Marc Andreessen, Peter Thiel, etc.) seem to really like Balaji Srinivasan?
How would you go about raising GDP in Nicaragua?
What are some of the best ways to make transition income to fund main startup?
How much should be invested in a hatchery?
Where can I find anyone who is interested in an EPC joint venture (JV) in India?
How do I access funds to start a creative hub?
What is the day of a venture capitalist like? If I aspire to be a VC one day, what should I do now, supposing that I will be joining a college for an MBA this year?
What does the market for Series A investment look like, heading into 2017?
What's the most value add another seed stage fintech investor can offer you?
What is “paid-up capital”?
Should startups care about securing their infrastructure during the early stage? If so, how should they approach it?
Would you prefer to work as a venture capital investment associate or a product manager for a top tech company?
Which will be my best choice: Master's in Entrepreneurship from Trinity College Dublin or Master's in Management from University College Dublin?
How is the number of board seats of a company determined?
How do I determine the share capital of a company (provide an example if possible)?
What do VCs think of Basecamp founder DHH's criticisms of venture capital and “unicorn culture”?
Will venture capitalists ignore your start up Idea if they think it is a game changer and will affect their investments with other companies?
How did you raise the money for "Tiny furniture"?
What is the nearbuy revenue and valuation?
What are some trending ventures to start in India?
What is the best way to narrow down which VC firm works in your industry?
What are some must-read books for a 17-year-old who wants to be an entrepreneur?
Can pvt company lend its capital to some unregistered company?
When so many VC firms get their deal flows through referrals and their networks how can black founders ever break through in significant numbers?
What is the meaning of post issue paid up capital?
What are the details of founder-investor friendly term sheets via a convertible note or SAFE?
What is capital structure, and what are the principles of capital structure management?
Why does Sequoia Capital transactions for Investments in India happen via Singapore?
Can an angel investor’s equity be bought out?
Do raising seed funds from an angel investor automatically get the media to talk about it?
Why did you start angel investing?
Is the payback period one of the factors an investor looks into before deciding to invest?
How do I invest in water with small capital?
Can I get an outside investor with an LLC?
What does the future of Facebook look like from an investors perspective?
How did you get seed capital for your business?
With convertible notes, can you give an investor a locked equity deal so it automatically converts at a certain percentage - no matter what?
Why did EverQuote get funded $23M?
Why does every startup in Silicon Valley want to raise VC funds and not Bootstrap?
Is SoftBank becoming too powerful?
How do you get an investor to fund your project?
What's the best VC pitch deck?
What are the most important things to keep in mind when going for funding for an SAAS start-up? What would investors’ questions or concerns be?
At what point should you look to raise angel investment?
What is the standard carry bonus given to an associate or principal at a VC firm?
How can you leverage intellectual property for equity in an early stage venture where *you* don't have capital, but something valuably *intellectual*?
How is FreeCodeCamp.com funded?
How can I raise funds for a summer course?
With my experience, how can I get into venture capital?
What are the implications of hedge funds buying large positions in Snap's stock (May 2017)?
How much revenue does Practo generate annually? What is the company's valuation while raising Series D funding of $55m?
How many total emails should I send potential investors for my startup?
What's Canada's startup entrepreneur Angel investment program?
What are the career opportunities for a finance undergraduate considering Quantitative Finance (MFE)?
Are a startups HR strategy and workforce / human capital planning of influence on your investment decision? How do you evaluate them?
Does paid-up capital also include calls received in advance, as per the Companies Act of 2013?
How was LeEco able to raise substantial funds from investors despite its faltering business in recent years?
What is a venture builder?
What are some characteristics of a complex capital structure?
What is "hot" at the moment in the server-less cloud field?
How do exit strategies for start-ups really work for founders (not investors) in terms of a percentage share, post exit?
How can I automate double-opt in introductions?
With options such as Angel.co, Gust.com, Fundable, FundersClub, Funderbeam, etc., how can entrepreneurs know what is the best place to raise seed & angel capital?
Will a grunt fund equity split work in a high-growth tech startup?
How do I launch my app without it being copied by a more experienced programmer?
Besides Chris Sacca, have any top VCs closed their firms at the peak of their success?
How do I raise funds through VC or angle investors?
A friend of mine is going to the pre-money valuation of his startup. Is he right in including his forgone salary in the valuation?
What does it mean by "exit option" in startup funding?
How does rrbs raise capital from external investor other than central and state government?
How do I raise capital for a one megawatt power generator that is greener, lighter, more portable and uses up to 30% less fuel input?
How can a company raise additional money through an IPO?
How do investors work?
How many startups raised more than 1M$ in 2015?
What is the best way/method to use to value a company in early stage round one of funding?
Which VC supports universities and schools?
What is a VC in business?
How can I raise funds as a pregnant sole founder?
How do product CEOs manage the transition from being involved in building 24/7 to letting go of it a bit, once a tech startup grows?
What kind of ROI do investors expect after a month or a year?
Can an HF make billions when it is successful, regardless of where the firm is, or does it have to be in a specific location?
Who do angel investors dream would walk in with X (what type of invention)?
How do you calculate the pre-money evaluation for a startup?
What is the diffrence between a hedgefund, private equity, venture capital and holding company?
What kind of funding does a tech start up need?
How would you go about finding an angel investor interested in AI in a US company with an India subsidiary?
What is “elite venture capital limited”?
What is capital adequacy?
How do I hire a finder to pitch to potential investors?
Can a company do business without a clear USP? What is the difference between USP and UVP?
I have been asked by a non-U.S. VC firm to assist them in raising $ in the U.S. As a non-employee do I need to register as a B/D?
What do you think about Indian startup founders? Are they a bunch of greedy people, raising millions from investors and gaining easy money for themselves?
Which VCs are active in Healthcare IT, Digital Health, and mHealth?
How can I raise funding for a whole house green renovation with zero money and a below average credit rating?
What summer internship will impress a VC?
What are the biggest problems with consumer internet non-technical founders from a VC perspective?
How many customers do you need for a subscription box company before contacting venture capitalists for funding?
Who are the investors with value for an OTA that you would choose to pitch?
As Silicon Valley VC's often use poker analogies to think about investment strategy, what metaphors do Asian investors apply to their own investments?
How do I use my academic qualification and skills to start a new venture on my own?
Can we approach incubators for funding when we only have just the idea and the method of operation for our startup?
How old does a company have to be in order to attract investors to it?
I would like to work at a venture Capital firm as someone who discovers businesses to invest in. What role should I apply for?
I want to be able to buy land, build and run a hostel. How do I get investors interested to fund this?
Why is the startup ecosystem in the Philippines not picking up yet?
How important is it for an angel investor to look for opportunities to promote diversity and social consciousness within their portfolio?
How can I get get capital funding for my retail shop?
What are the prospects of the venture capital industry in terms of automation, or you being replaced by robots?
What's the estimated ARR of Basecamp in 2017?
What are some resources where I could learn about venture capital and finance as a 3rd year undergraduate?
What are the differences among venture capital firms, private equity firms and hedge funds in their ways of operation?
We are the only infra startup in the country with lots of orders in the pipeline. Where can we apply for project funding?
Where is Excelsior Ventures located in Mysore?
Do I need to have a website, marketing, technical aspects and other things ready when asking for funds from a VC?
What are the terms of a joint venture as a land owner, for the construction of a residential building?
Can a company seeking venture investment advertise that fact on its website? What are the rules on this?
Is it realistic to find a bold enough investor to invest $350,000 in a vision more than for a return?
Who are the top social networking VCs/Angels?
Why should I consider using investors’ money if I can fund a business venture myself?
Which is the best way to raise funds or get sponsors for building supermileage cars?
Can a VC ask for copies of filed patents as part of due diligence?
How do you find serious tech investors in Dubai, who are well connected with their peers in the US?
Can we sue in a case against a builder who didn't follow the points mentioned in a joint venture agreement?
How do I value a pre-revenue start-up?
How do I find angel investors in India?
What is union.VC?
How can I connect with an early stage investment expert?
Where can I find a list of failed venture capital funds?
What is the best venture for engineers?
How does The Viral Fever earn money, what is their business model?
What is the best unusual business advice you received?
What do you think of Arnab's new venture 'Republic'?
Is there any list of top VC consultants?
How should one treat powerful/wealthy people?
Will Sequoia Capital get paid back out of cash on hand as Yik Yak is shutdown?
What did your successful seed ($1-3M) raise funnel/process look like?
Should I avoid pitching my start-up to Associates, and instead only pitch to the Partner of a VC firm?
What is authorized capital and why it is necessary?
How do I get in touch with an Investor, when I don't have money to pay the sites that say they can do it?
How do I get VCs to back me?
Is it necessary that the two parties must have equal control on management in joint venture?
How VCs & other investors have so much time to answer questions on Quora?
What was it like early in your venture capital career?
What are the benefits of active ETFs for investors and the companies that run them?
What benefit (besides happy employees) is there to issuing an all-employee option pool from a Series A before a Series B? What's the downside (besides founder dilution)?
What do you say to a VC when you have already invested 1 million of your own and want their investment?
What are the best places to find investors for a startup fund? Should they offer equity?
Is it true that fundraising from venture capitalists dilutes founders' stock, while fundraising from an IPO doesn't?
How can you raise lots of venture capital and then end up making no money?
Are investors like Warren Buffett and Carlos Slim angel investors or VCs?
What are the criteria which VCs look for when funding a startup, e.g., how many users?
Have you ever heard of a convertible note with no interest or maturity date?
How can I invest in capital markets?
What is the main difference between capital reserve and reserve capital?
What are the best investors in education technology startups?
How was investing with Virtua Partners?
How do you gauge if a seed round term-sheet is a fair deal?
Is a security bond needed for venture funding?
How can I raise money for a new startup?
If a VC invests $2m at $8m pre-money, i.e. 20% equity, what generally happens at exits below expectations, say $2m, $5m and $15m respectively after 5 years?
I was asked by a VC to support them as a consultant to make a deal materialize. Besides daily fee am I entiteled to a success fee and which?
What is an angel fund?
Are there existing companies that started as Crowd funded (i.e. Kickstarter) but went the VC backed route (e.g. Y Combinator) some time after?
Who are the investors of Palantir Technologies?
What kind of business can one venture into in Nigeria, West Africa with little capital?
What do you think about a social networking platform to easily connect with investors, VCs and other skilled folks to compliment your skill set for pursuing your business idea?
What tips would do you have for an (academically) average student interested in going into investment banking/VC/trading?
What do venture capitalists look for when deciding to invest in an idea and a team?
How can I raise money for my startup?
Is the Barrage Capital Fund a good investment?
Can you go to venture capitalists with an idea or do you need to show sales first?
Are there any websites in India which help with funding options and other services for the startups?
Is finance capitalism an enemy of higher civilization?
How much guile do you need to be effective as a co-founder facing VC's?
How much should a social network startup raise for their first round?
Why am I having trouble getting funding for my social network startup?
Why are the people, who have more money than they know what to do with, still working?
Will VCs consider investments in a startup, where 20-30% of the company stock is owned by part-time founders who will not go full time?
What legal issues should be covered in land development as a residential colony in a joint venture?
Is the rate of funding for healthcare startups growing at the same rate as funding for tech startups?
Can a Muslim become a capitalist?
What questions does Venture Capital ask?
How can a poor community raise money to fund projects?
Will more jobs be created in USA, if H1B visa holders are let to start a business?
How do VCs and angel investors deal with non-native American founders and CEOs whose English accent is hard to understand?
Why do VCs from other countries dont feel like investing and doing deals in India?
What where the reasons that got Spotify to buy preact? Did preact failed as a business?
Which venture capital firms are listed on the stock market? Why should you not get a listing as a VC?
For a company that chooses to avoid raising outside capital, how can it create the type of oversight and external pressure an investor would provide?
How many customer interactions will a VC look to complete during the diligence phase of evaluating an A investment?
What are the most surprising things in Snap's S-1?
How do I raise capital to undergo a change of career inspired by vocational skills?
What is the difference between equity and capital?
How do I make an agreement for a joint venture with any company?
How do I find venture capitalist in Australia?
How do I find ambitious, hard working entrepreneurs that need a partner with capital to invest?
Which are reliable sources to extract investment and funding related information for Indian startups?
How can one be happy while struggling with a new venture?
Im looking for great capital raising individuals, are there any on Quora?
What happens if my venture fails and I pay back my investors?
How do private equity firms and acquisitive companies originate acquisitions?
How should a founder value their company for different rounds ​of financing and what method?
Is it ethical to earn big money in healthcare (healthcare startup)?
How do I get in touch with a potential angel investor in the U.S.?
How does valuation work in series A funding?
How much should I offer to an investor in return for his investment?
Would a tech-minded VC rather hire someone with VC experience or someone that worked on a start-up of their own?
How do I raise funds on a Seed Crowdfunding website for the first time?
What does Twitter need to do to get market cap above $100B?
How would you establish a discounted cash flow/valuation in a seed round?
How are Non-Exec Director fees set for boards of PE or VC funds with an LP-GP structure?
What were the terms of Ola's Series H down round funding?
Are handouts necessary at an investor pitch meeting?
Is EOQ rounded up or down? Is there a specific rule?
Why did Petsmart acquire Chewy for $3.35B?
How much did Bezahlt.de raise?
Is a 2-year vesting cliff common for start-up employee stock options?
Why should one work in private equity instead of banking or venture capital?
What are the best books and resources for learning how to be a great tech VC?
Which are European Video Gaming focused Seed Round VC firms?
Are there any venture capital funded web accessibility projects?
Is there a startup scene possible without the ir-rational exuberance of investors?
How do I connect with VC in India?
Which angel investor would be interested in a laundry service startup?
Is Fred Wilson right that the ICOs may disrupt the VC?
Can jhf be a partner in a firm?
Are there any sites where startup investors are reviewed?
Are series A investors likely to buyout their investments?
Are private companies that don't raise venture capital still viable?
If you were to go into the PE/VC industry, would you chose to join Sequoia Capital or Blackstone Group? Why?
What are the three interesting problems that startups can solve—and secure VC money?
How can Instacart be valued at $3.4 billion?
How common is it for VCs to just be lucky early employees given stock and have no idea how to run a business?
What are some innovative ways to raise seed funding for a startup?
What is the typical investment amount for an angel in a pre-series A startup?
Who are the best angel and seed stage investors in social tech?
What approach might we take to value our company in preparation of raising capital?
Is it wise to invest INR 12000/- in 8 different mutual funds per month for atleast 5 years?
How do you tell if a venture capital firm is fake/real?
What retail tech is currently being funded?
What is revenue-based financing, and who are the best at this, in the US?
Who are the best venture capital and angel investors in Sweden 2016?
Which sector would be the best for a startup?
Is it very hard to get a job at a VC firm?
Can I pay my CTO as a contractor prior to his reaching his equity cliff?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of US based investors investing in offshore funds?
How does a company like DeepMind, with no revenue or upcoming product, raise so much money?
Should I take pre-seed money for my startup in the idea stage? What are the liable implications for this company?
How is Aviral Bhatnagar finding the world of finance, especially VC and private equity?
I want to serve as a small time angel investor to a home for the handicapped in India, what challenges should I be prepared for?
Why did Kavin Bharti Mittal raise funding in an IPO for "Hike," when his father is a billionaire?
What are considered some must read books at any venture capitalist firm?
Which top 2 cities in Canada are the best to quickly raise seed-stage and pre-seed money for a startup? Why? What are some examples?
How do I get venture investors to listen to my new business plan?
How much do entrepreneurs pay themselves once their startup gets funded?
Why is it so difficult to find an investor for a creative venture, even if the revenue projections are solid?
Are venture capital firms involved in the daily management decisions of their portfolio companies?
Is it necessary to make the fully working product before fund raise? Or can I go for prototype first!
An investor wants to buy a % of my company for paying salaries and equipments, does this make sense or does he have to pay money for this %?
Are there VCs in India willing to invest in artificial-intelligence-based startups, especially robotics?
What is the difference between issued capital and subscribed capital?
How do venture capital and growth equity firms differ in their investment strategies?
How did you get into venture capital?
Can an architect seek VC funding?
What is the valuation of Demo Diva Demolition?
What type of biotech companies has Google Ventures been focused on?
Can Canadians invest in US early start ups as non-accredited investors?
What is the best way to develop a target list of VC prospects for a Series B FinTech round?
Do tech companies pay a high salary in the Bay Area because the cost of living is high, or are home prices and rents high because tech pays so much?
At which age are entrepreneurs more likely to receive funding from investors?
Where is the best resource to attain venture capital for sports nutrition based businesses in South Africa?
Why does the G3i Ventures LLC website look so bad?
What are the strategies for marketing an educational excursions company in its early stages? Also, are there tips for creating emergency funds (6-12 months)?
What questions did the investors ask you at the first round of investment?
Why do students need funding?
Stock markets exist to raise capital for companies; is this capital raised only in the beginning when a company is listed or later too?
If a fund is valued at NAV, in what ways can you give cornerstone investors a benefit?
We're a VC firm based in Switzerland, looking to hire an intern for 20 hours per month (research, website, MailChimp). Any advice on where to post?
How can one start startup with no funding?
What is a good college to go to for venture capital?
What education is needed for becoming Product Owner in Fintech firms?
With +10 years of experience, I was offered a finance director job by a startup/FinTech. With my joining as employee no. 15, they offer 1% equity + 100k per annum. Is it a fair deal?
How can I locate venture capital for my startup?
In the seed round, if a company gains profit by charging fees to a user, will the investor got the shared profit also?
What is the easiest crowd-equity site to raise money on?
How many companies in the world have raised $4 million or more in 2017?
Does having a startup that gets acquired look good on your resume?
An intro was made to a CEO by a VC for me. There has been no response yet in over 3 weeks. What's the best way to connect with the CEO?
Would Warren Buffet make a good venture capitalist?
What are some datasets related to venture capital?
How do I start a social enterprise without VC funding? And with very little money? If so, how?
My seed investor wants 50%. I already know I will need more money and that he will put it and take other shares and get in control. Is this fair?
What type of fintech companies are great investments but difficult to understand?
Can I pitch venture capitalists on my startup idea using just a design mock?
How do I start a VC?
How did Ben Hockett help Cornwall Capital get an ISDA?
What do we charge for writing a Business Plan at venture-Care?
Where can I learn more about Bill Maris’s Section 32 venture capital fund?
What are the networking websites for investors?
How many tech entrepreneurs (would) accept to risk their personal assets in exchange for venture capital?
How do I respond to an email from a VC who's interested in my startup and tell them I am busy now?
Can a VC firm sell equity on equity crowdfunding platforms?
If a start up is completely funded by investors, what will be the share of entrepreneurs?
If you funded a startup for $22 million and it got sold for $375 million, did the investors make a profit of $353 million?
How do I rank different aspects of capital projects?
Should I set aside shares for future investors in my shareholder agreement, even if I don't have any at the moment?
What is meant by Joint venture Legal Fees?
What is the ROI for a seed fund in India with an exit period of 2-3 yrs?
I remember seeing news coverage of Docs operating on VC who'd been shot by M79 grenades. Did the M79 have enough muzzle velocity to penetrate flesh?
How do I make myself indispensable in a venture? All I really have is the idea.
Should you choose institutional investors like VCs and organised angels or should you choose HNI (Rich people)?
What are different ways to Raise money for Startup?
Why are burgeoning tech startups like Snapchat popular with investors when they release statements “we may never achieve or maintain profitability”?
Who are great investors who have fallen from grace?
What are the most important characteristics that an investor or a VC firm should have?
Which states require investors to have a lending license to invest in convertible notes?
What are some independent projects in finance or venture capitalism for a student?
I have been asked when my startup will become profitable by a VC, what should be my answer?
What is the best way to network with VC's in London UK fast?
Do you know any fintech (seed stage) startups with international ambitions in CEE (Ukraine, Russia, Latvia, Slovenia, Slovakia, Romania, etc.)?
Can I get angel funding and later not raise a further round of funding to retain ownership?
Which startups have raised over a $100mm with in 5 years?
In funding, what is the difference between angel capital and private equity capital?
What happens to the registered capital in a company's liquidation?
Does a VC like Google Ventures ever loose ownership of a venture? If so, when?
Will venture capital soon come to an end?
What's more founder-friendly: a SAFE with a 20% discount (no cap), or a $2M cap with no discount (assuming that's the pre-money valuation for series A)?
How might I put together a report of venture Capital investment into a metro area by fund, total invested and average per investment?
How viable is the venture capital model in the long run especially when it comes to geographies such as India?
How do I approach seed funding for IT based Startup?
What are some rookie mistakes founders make during VC meetings?
What do you think of Steve Case's argument that VCs should invest in cities like Omaha and Minneapolis?
What discount is considered typical for an uncapped convertible note?
What stage is pre-revenue?
Where can we raise funds for a laundry based startup?
How did you get funding in the early stages of founding Wikipedia?
How and what should we invest a capital in India?
When raising money for a 5-million-dollar angel fund, what is the typical return to offer investors?
Which school offers better entrepreneurship resources, Harvard or MIT?
What are the best techniques to find leads (of investors, professionals ect cetera?
What is the problem with an idealist and an early stage entrepreneur trying to execute their idea? What if they can pitch directly to an industry expert, VCs, or an angel?
How do I ask a strategic partner for funding?
How much will founders get, when their startup is acquired without being VC-backed?
How pro-company should a seed equity round be when there is no lead investor demanding terms?
How do I check which startups from an investor's portfolio have failed?
How can I raise my value at my workplace?
What is your opinion on "venture capitalists" being sometimes referred to as "Vulture capitalists"?
I lost 3-4 pitching contests to startups with no investments and clients. Does it mean my pitch is bad?
How does a new, entry level associate source deals?
Why did Chevrolet stop making the venture?
Are you a failed ecoomerce startup wanting to sell email databases you purchased with VC funds?
Did Unilad ever received VC money?
How do dues convert into equity?
What are the key challenges for financial technology companies active in compliance/regulation/kyc verticals?
What is a standard target IRR for an accelerator fund?
Should I intern at a boutique TMT firm or a well known VC firm my junior year of college if I want to end up in PE one day?
How does Dan Primack's Pro Rata compare to Erin Griffith's Term Sheet?
Which application of Machine Learning / AI startups have raised funding?
I have a construction firm in Africa but it's not growing; how can I get partners abroad to come and invest?
What is the best CRM for venture/seed capital firms to manage dealflow that integrates with salesforce?
My bootstrapped product is growing (and earning) steadily despite seed funded startups that have popped up. What should I do with it?
Why would you not work in a VC fund?
Before acquiring venture funding for a startup, can you hire someone by offering them equity alone?
What's the best feedback you received from an investor?
How do you raise money for a website startup in Dubai?
What do VCs think of companies that outsource their MVP coding to India? Are there any places that are more respected places to outsource to?
What are the best early-stage (pre-seed) investors in Middle East?
How is a convertible note/debt seed round opened and closed?
How specific or flexible is a VC portfolio?
Who are some technologists/researchers which successfully venture high-tech industry in Indonesia?
What wallets do male VCs or angel investors use?
What is the best way to submit an idea to VC firms?
What are the thoughts that driven you to leave CTO of Facebook to start your own venture?
How do the liquidation preferences of SAFEs vs Notes operate in practice?
Does it still make sense for a US commercial bank to form a joint venture (JV) in China?
What are Peter Diamandis' strengths? He seems to help with initial growth and then take a step back.
How do I find case studies on venture capitalist?
How do I fund my startup?
How does a fund attract investors without disclosing its proprietary strategy?
Are there any angel investors who invest in startups in India?
In private equity and venture capital, is dry powder the difference between committed capital and paid in capital?
Where can one find angel investors that can fund a business of $500k startup that guarantees 100% safety of capital and also high ROI for a very long time?
What should you do if a VC is so excited that they give you a term sheet on the spot and ask you to "write in the numbers"?
What are some early stage startups (less than a year-old) in Bangalore?
How does "Capital First" manage IT if it does not have its own technology centre?
What are the top VC funds for societal impact?
How do HESH rounds differ from HE rounds?
Is MRR at X a good milestone set by VC for tranche investment in SaaS?
How do I excel in financial due diligence?
Is it a good idea to reach out to a competitor’s VC or angel investor?
How can I inject funds into my own startup every quarter without increasing authorised capital?
Why are managers hesitant/reluctant to give a raise if it is not their money in the first place?
Can I attain funding for my app if I have 1000s of users and companies on my email list awaiting the launch?
What are some of the top early stage VC firms?
How can I get in touch with investors?
What do Fintech startups need from VCs?
What is the best way to tap into investor capital for different projects?
Is Iconiq Capital a founder friendly venture firm?
Do you recommend having worldwide Angel Investors or would it be better to have fewer but from the same market?
Where does WebBank get the capital to lend many billions to the likes of Lending Club?
Is David S. Rose really worth it as an angel investor?
How much money can a company raise through an IPO in India?
Is Bollywood funded by D - Company?
How come Mark Zuckerberg stayed as the CEO of Facebook?
Why is Flipkart not going public to raise funds?
Is it common for a VC to do an investment in Equity on a company, and then issue a Convertible Note or a SAFE later on the same company?
When an investor provides x% of a start-up's capital, do they earn x% of the profits just like the investors who are also running it?
How can I calculate a share’s due amount, when the allotment was made on a pro rata basis?
What is the best/cheapest way to get an external valuation for a private company for an internal buyout?
How does fillr.com earn money?
What do I have to include in the competition section in an executive summary?
What tech stocks have dropped below IPO price on the first day?
How does SoftBank raise money?
How do you determine the value of a startup for the purpose of allocating a share to seed money investor?
Can early stage (seed) funding be used to develop a prototype?
Which investors have invested at the pre-revenue stage?
Will Trump allow Chinese backed firms acquire US tech firms?
What are the best VC funds in France?
What attributes are venture capitalists looking for when considering tech startups?
What are the stages of investment transaction?
In what ways are venture capitalists losing their heads and going crazy?
Is there any place in Delhi NCR where you can pitch startup ideas to investors for VC funding?
How does a joint venture work? Is it possible to do it without forming a company in which the venturers own shares?
How can I raise money from the public to realize my dream being an entrepreneurship? Is it illegal to call these money as donation?
Do VCs hold biases against startups cofounded by family members or spouses?
What’s a great way to network with investors besides Quora?
How do we find funding for a defense project if we only receive payment after the resulting product’s delivery?
Can I get funding for my startup if I am not from IIT and haven't done any job?
Where can I find a venture capital or startup accelerator for semiconductor startups?
How do I write a self introduction for VC?
Do angel investors invest in long-term product ideas?
What can replace venture capital in real estate in the near future?
How do I find the ticket size of a VC or an investing firm?
When startup owners sell stake in their company and get funding for that, where does the funding money go? Into the company or owners’ pocket?
I need funds for a prototype, should I get an Angel Investor, is that what seed funding is?
How does a founder monetize any value from ownership of the fund?
How can I find angel investors who invest in indie film?
How can I find funding for a start up in petroleum sector? \
How do l find investors interested in cement production?
What are the crowdfunding/fundraising sites that allows Bangladeshi people to raise funds?
Where is it better to study biotech VC, Boston or San Francisco?
What is the best way to cold email a VC telling them about our fashion e-commerce startup which is generating good revenue?
Can an investment company (NBFC) raise money through bonds for investment in equity?
Where can I find pre-seed angel investors and VCs in New York?
Is it permitted for a US resident alien to have money invested in European investment funds?
Where is a good place to find investors?
Within audit/consulting companies, what is the name of their department dedicated to start-up, ventures, etc?
How can Bukalapak grow with little funding?
How do apartment rents compare to those during the tech boom of the late 1990s in the Bay Area?
What are the common mistakes that seed-funded startup founders make?
What are the requirements for starting a Capital Management firm in India like that of Altamount or Alchemy?
Legal structure to financially crowd-support a venture, what's the simplest solution?
Do companies find it difficult to get approval on large capital funding for new technology implementation?
What is Sequoia Capital? Who is Doug Leone?
You have successfully secured a seed round investment for your business. Now what?
What is capital augmenting?
Can I issue senior liquidity preferences for friends/family and angels that will supersede those for VCs?
Is it possible to raise series A funding with no employees?
What are the different ways to enter venture capitalism?
I am 16 and looking to raise 10,000 to invest in a business. How can I raise this money?
How do you calculate cost of equity for an unlisted company?
Where can I find individuals, organisations, and corporations that would be interested in a joint venture to deliver clean water to 1 million Africans?
What is Platform Capitalism?
I want to start a venture catering to the dietary needs of people in ahmadabad, which portal should I connect to?
How easy or hard is it to raise angel money in Isreal compared to the UK?
How do I start a venture capital firm in Pakistan?
Does a holding firm that has a concentrated position in a firm have more power over that firm than if the position wasn’t concentrated?
How much do investors "take care" of founders in a pre revenue start up?
Are private equity-backed IPOs bad for the public?
Is there any course for improving fund raising skills in India?
How do I convert CAP to SAP?
What's a typical day like for someone working on the financial due diligence team of any Big 4 firm?
How do I find an investor for my startup in less than 2 weeks?
How different is an banking/ PE-oriented CV from a venture capital CV?
What are the benefits of raising a Series A funding round with Andreessen Horowitz compared to other VC firms?
What would an appropriate valuation be for a SaaS (serving small businesses) with $20mm revenue and 70% margins?
What is the MSVC editor?
Do you have to be rich to join a VC firm as a VC?
What does Coinbase did with the money they raised?
Are VC's willing to sell their startup equity in the secondary market?
How can I raise funds for my school choir?
How can a startup thrive without seed funds and VC involvements?
Are there any examples of con artists launching "startups" to swindle VC money?
Is creating a hardware startup worth it in today’s app-centric world?
Who are the main angel investors/seed VC's in insurtech in America? I have a insurtech startup and looking to raise funds in the next 6-9 months.
In shares, can amount of capital reserve come different by using different methods?
Who are the top entertainment VCs/Angels?
Is Jeff Bezos one of the best venture capitalists in the world?
Can a startup's board selectively dilute any minority shareholder on the cap table with impunity?
What are the determinants of capital structure of a manufacturing firm?
Could someone start a VC or PE firm without a degree but with successful business ventures?
How can I raise funds for my project in India?
What is the predominant route for exits by angel investors in India?
What is the earliest stage at which a startup company can get funding from an investor? Can an "idea" alone get an investor’s funding?
What is the average seed round valuation in 2016 in London?
How do the investors benefit from investing in infrastructure funds such as NIIF-India?
Is there a database of venture capital deals that later went bankrupt?
What is the best way to make more money on venture capital?
On what basis did you decide when to make an exit from a venture so that it could be called a successful exit?
How and where can I find angel investors who can also provide me seed investment in Mumbai for my startup?
If there were a website in which unpublished writers sent their work in to be read by out of work actors, would this work as a business venture?
What's the most effective way to determine an investor's investment thesis before meeting with them?
Will a CEO look like a greedy person if she/he wants money on the table from investors?
Should startups join trade associations in their seed/infancy stage to build credibility?
What's the difference between the way angels and VCs approach portfolio management?
What does it mean if a startup raises 2 rounds of the same series?
How does a CEO determine what amount to raise in each round of investment?
What's the difference between a venture capital company and a holding company?
How much programming skills should you master before you start venturing as a start up company?
Can a US venture capital firm accept foreign LPs? What is the tax implication of remitting their portion of the profit back to them? Are foreign LPs taxed for their own portion of the profit? Also, is there a VC consultant who can offer services to me?
Why is it that 99% of tech CEOs either have zero charisma or, when speaking at conferences, often sound so unconvincing and out of touch?
What are the appropriate projects for small capital entrepreneurship?
What are some crazy stories of entrepreneurs talking their way into meetings, or out of something negative?
How did "Team Indus" manage to raise capital to participate in Google Lunar XPRIZE?
Once in SF, does location matter for an internet tech start up? Lawyers, VCs, etc.? Could I run my start up from Milpitas instead of Palo Alto?
Is it required to have a college degree to obtain venture capital funds for my startup?
What are other exit options for investors aside from acquisitions and IPOs?
Who is Broadbean Capital?
What changes can I do for a small company that has received $250,000 from investors?
While applying for seed fund for a startup, what will be the maximum fund we could ask and what all we should consider before applying for seed fund?
Does a financial model based on industry ratios have any value for a startup looking to raise money?
If I'm raising $500k - $1M at 10-20% equity, what other factors should I learn about and avoid?
What's the drawback (if any) of a very high valuation cap for founders?
Where can I find information on how to provide equity to crowdfunding investors?
How do tech entrepreneurs raise such large amounts of money for startup ideas that seem like horrible concepts?
What is the best way to invest in Uranium for a US investor?
When starting an umbrella company, what is the best way to market your business to investors and how do you set up a meeting with potential investors?
Should I apply for fellowships or an accelerator program or just raise funds?
Is there a Quorian investor out there who can fund my business in India, as I heard there are many millionaires here?
What are some startups which would be unique and helpful?
What are sources of funds?
How many VCs and Angels agree with Khosla that 70–80% of VCs/Angels add negative value to startups?
How can I invest in a friend's company and reserve a percent of his company?
What is the name of the funding platform that is like an AngelList for seed funds - connecting family offices and LPs to seed funds?
What are the two biggest problems for venture capitalists?
What are the types of fund administration items that we can do internally? What systems/processes do you/would you use? We are opening a real estate fund.
Should we raise funds from investors for our SaaS startup?
How does Founder's Fund's performance compare to A16Z's?
Where do I find funding for a European non-tech startup?
How do I get capitalists for startup?
Is $200K in return for 25% in a pre-seed round reasonable?
What is the process of a new venture creation?
Do foreign investors of US private investment funds need to be "accredited"?
How do you make a robo-investor?
Will DAOs and ICOs on Ethereum replace the current business formation and IPO system?
Where can I find out more info on the good water venture capital index?
Which age group of investors are investing in equity market and how much?
Personal Question/Survey Question: What is your role in the venture capital industry?
Why would a startup do debt financing over equity after series B?
What are other alternatives for raising funding for a startup?
Was Anil L. Crasto your key point of contact to retrieve funds from private investors?
Is asking for $155,000 from an angel investor too much or too little?
What are the fundamental differences in investing mentality between VCs and angels?
What's the best way to distribute equity among staff I hire and if I get investors it will come out of their end?
Where do I go to get capital for the next hot thing in cosmetics?
What types of financial models do start-ups like roomiapp.com provide to potential investors?
How does VC calculate valuation of a company?
What are interesting fellowships in the Bay Area that could act as a break in your career?
Which US based angels and VC invest in East European startups?
What happens if the founder leaves the company immediately after raising funds?
Why do tech journalists and VCs describe Snapchat as an "underdog" company when they have 20-25B valuation pre-IPO and had everything in their favor?
Can you name some of the Melbourne based VCs that invest in early stage prerevenue or development phase startups?
What's the best way to get into the venture capital business for someone freshly graduated from a top business school?
When do you accept an investor to bring external CEO?
What is the best seed fund?
What are the differences between a Venture Builder and VCs?
How do I get an investor for my health cure?
How can I get into venture capital as engineering major?
What courses should someone interested in being the head of a investment firm take?
Can a tech startup survive without getting investors?
Does an MLA get a house in the capital?
What is one M&A transaction you are actively following?
Can I have more than one investment in startup pre-seed fundraiser?
Is it possible to avoid the complications of joint ownership of software IP by forking the code and giving each party ownership of their own instance?
What are some of the top venture capital funds active in the shipping and logistics space?
How do I find investors for a business venture?
How do I sell my application to transport companies?
Are there any upcoming investor mixers for entrepreneurs looking to pitch?
As an Indian startup, what issues would you like more information on as you begin your entrepreneurial journey?
Should an early stage startup approach venture capitalists or angel investors for seed round?
Do Gordon Miller and Ali both have a venture capital firm?
Biotech is raising institutional capital. Would adding a crowdfunded tranche hurt co's reputation with investors, reading the move as desperation?
How do you estimate the fund you need for your startup?
Isn't the concept of angel investor and loans the same?
I have developed a herbal-mineral cream for eczema to suppress itching in 24 hours. How can I approach VCs to fund clinical trial in the US?
How should I agree with investors who are against radical pivot because their other portfolio company does similar things?
How do I find angel investors in U.K. for an innovative healthcare company?
Are there angel investors who specialise in low-ish budget film investments?
Can you back an angel investor but not through a syndicate?
How do VCs monetize investments that neither fail nor sell/IPO?
If I were to start a tech platform for startups to list themselves and investors could evaluate them, would it work?
I have an idea for a business in a profession I am unfamiliar and uninvolved in, how do I go about taking initial steps to organize and push the idea?
Who serves on the investment committee for a venture capital firm?
What exactly is Technological Capital?
How do I cure a lipoma in the early stages?
What do you think of someone who is a capitalist and/or someone who says, "I'm a capitalist."?
What are the typical salaries for analysts/associates at a venture capital firm in Tokyo, Japan?
How societies raise capital to set up an institute?
How many investors do you need to raise a million dollars?
How do I find an investor for a VFX startup studio located in India?
How do I establish a sense of urgency for VCs when fundraising a Series A?
What would the thoughts of venture capitalists be when their investments start to fail?
What percentage profit does a venture capital company make when the company that they invested in decides to pay all the money back and operate independently?
What advice do experienced CEOs/investors have for a company purchasing its first acquisition?
I've theorized a model for an investment security, how do I market it to investors?
Are foreign investors willing to invest in Indian startups that are on early stage?
How can I best approach investors with my 3 internet ventures?
How did David Knopf become partner at 3G Capital?
What are some utilities that are ventured into telecom businesses?
What name do you prefer for a venture capital company focused on investing in the next era of startups, Wave 5 Ventures or Gen 4 Ventures?
How important is it for early stage startups to have “smart money” on the cap table?
What questions can you expect for a job interview from an early stage VC?
How much equity do early-stage investors Cowboy Ventures (Eileen Lee), Homebrew and Floodgate typically take in exchange for investment?
When a venture-funded startup sells for less than the value of investors' liquidation preferences, do founders really get nothing?
If a startup is profitable, but cannot exit, what does that mean for the founders/investors?
How can a crowdfunding company be evaluated from a investor perspective?
How do I raise VC fund?
Does a network marketing venture that works on the principle of only sharing links make sense?
Does a VC firm's location matter?
Does founding a startup in NYC impact your ability to get funding from west coast investors?
What is the difference between a seed company and Series B?
Where do I find the angels and VCs who would fund or partner on a patent? Would pre-selling occur at this stage?
How does Uber manage to raise more funding despite high losses and its struggle for profitability?
How can I get funding for my startup (waste-manure conversion)?
I am H1B holder, can I become an investor in an Indian startup?
Are there VC that invest in African Start Ups?
As a startup founder, is it frowned upon to work on your startup from abroad (when seeking funding)?
How can someone raise funds for an airline business?
Good camera technology has become far more affordable. I wonder, did innovative companies such as RED, GoPro, and Black Magic have angel investors?
Why would a Chicago-based startup raise venture capital locally, where valuations are lower and investors fewer, rather than in Silicon Valley?
Can you name a digital publication that has raised seed or early stage capital with equity?
How will my seed investors react to an exit that yields them a 3-4x return?
Is entrepreneurship trendy?
What kind of Future does a person Experienced in Microsoft COSMOS VC Has? +
How do I invest money by SBI capital in self?
What is the equivalent of the European PSD2 regulation in the United States?
Can you explain why someone would start similar service and as well get funded up by famous investors?
How can I find a Chinese partner for a business venture?
How do venture capitalists recover funds?
How hard is it to have lunch with a VC from the Bay Area?
What are Capex charges?
What does venture capital means?
How do Israeli startups fund themselves given the limited budget of their own country?
Can closed-end funds raise money through banks by using their shares as collateral? Are there any other mechanisms available?
If investors fund my start up, do I pay taxes on my funds or salary I pay myself and employees?
With the recent debacle of Snapdeal, what key business lessons can be learnt? What will happen now in the VC and PE investment scenarios?
What are the best Amenities in HM Capital?
What is incorporate funding?
What is this 1 billion series funding round with 30 billion valuation?
What do founders expect from a VC/BA ?
Are there brokers or professionals that can assist me with raising capital for my company? If so, who are they and how much do they charge?
I am an entrepreneur, and seeking funding, if I have a personal bankruptcy, will investors still give me money or not?
How is Quora giving returns on investments to investors if they keep borrowing money?
How do I seek venture funding if I have a super cool idea?
Do VC's ask for collateral?
Do pitch books to privately-held companies for M&A transactions frequently contain data that isn't 100% correct?
Should I quit venture capital to join real estate private equity?
Is financial planning a profitable business to venture into as an entrepreneur?
What is the general startup pre-series A spending distribution should be?
What are the essentials of due diligence when investing?
Do venture capital firms have their own boards of directors aside from the LPAC? Do they have investment committees? If so, how do they differ?
Is there a marketplace component to Gust (opt-in basis) where companies can be screened by investors before meeting founders?
What do you do if your seed VC knows and wants to introduce you to a specific partner at a Series A firm, but there's another partner that's a better fit?
What was the valuation of Sprig during its $45M Series b?
Where can I find a list of funded startups in Bangalore?
What should I expect on a Sr. Associate interview at a venture Capital?
How many shares do I have to give to an Angel Investor for a startup if it is in its initial stage?
How should I prepare for seed fund?
Venture Capitalists: The business plan in Cryptonomicon is a hoot. Are plans actually presented from this template?
Who were the great investors who made lots of money from the dot-com bubble?
Is it possible to earn money every day in stock market?
Is tomato production a profiting venture?
Being a third year engineering student, how can I get an internship at a VC firm in India for the summers of 2017?
What happens to a company when the CEO/founder dies? Who takes control of the company if he owns it all (no investors)?
How do you raise money for a documentary?
What is the ideal funding stage of a company when looking for a new job?
What do you use daily in your venture capital work?
How do angel investors think about early stage startups that significantly pivot either before or after the seed round?
How do I fund a start-up at ideation stage?
Are there any angel investors in Gurgaon?
How do I find people who are looking for funding?
What is investment model?
Is a venture capitalist who invests in tobacco or weapons-related businesses doing something morally wrong?
What IT factors do VC companies look at when deciding whether or not to invest in a startup?
Can I receive funds (investments) in my website?
Is raising seed money for 2 separate startups counterproductive?
What are some examples of the capitalist class based state coercion?
What are the investment firms in India?
How do venture investor expectations, valuations, and norms from the US East Coast and elsewhere, differ from those in Silicon Valley?
Can I get a high amount in VC investment presales? So far, I have done it all with self-funding (software company).
What is going on with venture capital industry?
Which fields will be the hot topics/trending in the next 5-10 years?
Why don't investors fund more movies?
What is the best source of funding for tech startups?
Do venture capitalists check bank statement for revenue or just trust the data given by founders?
Is registering your startup necessary before applying for any seed funds?
What is FDI and joint venture?
Why do entrepreneurs go to VC and private investors instead of banks?
Do the VCs have interest in small budget regional movies in India or are they only looking at the IT software companies to invest?
How do VCs treat a founder who is working simultaneously in 2 startups, 1 of which is funded?
Can a person be a general partner at a VC fund and a venture partner at another VC firm at the same time?
What are the criteria and requirements to get funded?
Where could I get angel investors interested on Costa Rican start ups?
How else can you get capital for growth investments?
How often is it for founders to cash out in between raising rounds?
Why do online stores need funding/investments? What manner do they repay it in? What kind of return/benefits do the investors get in this case?
How do I find a seed round broker for our startup?
I'm an entrepreneur, exited on my first venture (beverages). I now want to work for a consumer goods VC firm - is this realistic with my background?
What are 3 things you find most important when executing marketing activities in early stage startups?
Where can I find venture capitals or angel investors in Dubai?
What is the maximum funding that angel investors do?
Which are some of the active angel and VC firms based out of NCR?
Do VC's fund startups with web-based remote teams?
How many venture partners should a micro VC fund have or is there any limit?
How difficult is it to become a VC or PE analyst/associate without prior IB/consulting experience?
If I want to startup an enterprise dealing with micro-loans, at what stage should I go raise seed financing?
What are the biggest risks in going to work for a startup that's still in its angel investor funding phase?
When a startup grows to a level that the company does not require anymore funding, can the founder ask the investor to move out of the company?
We are running a Tech business successfully since last 10+ years. I want to raise $10M+ funding. How do I contact venture capitalist/Private Investor?
What advice would you give a former startup Product Manager and Product Designer looking to get into Venture Capital as an Associate?
Who are the best VCs and angel investors in the Southeast in terms of backing successful companies? Who are the most accessible?
Where in NYC get venture capital internship?
What would your strategy be if you can’t find an investor when you have a good project?
What angel investor groups are there in Chennai?
If the financial plan of my startup does not show any significant sales for the first 12-18 months, how can I get funding for it?
If you were a VC or an angel investor for Quora, what salary would you have let the CEO take from year one?
What is the best deal to make with investors? Social media start-up. App is built. Investors are interested. Start-up has no funding yet.
What is the meaning of post issue paid up equity share capital?
What do angel investors or startup investors generally expect and what motivates them?
Do VCs lie that your product is good?
What are some good examples of capitalism?
What level of investor(s) should I approach to launch a startup? The product is 100% ready (funded by its founder) to launch in just 2 weeks.
How do you factor in the strong network effects of the incumbents while evaluating the seed stage FinTech startups?
Can Lyft survive as an independent company?
What is a micro VC fund?
How do I focus on one business venture at a time?
If a company is not growing but is not in a loss (stagnant), what happens to the angel investors?
I have heard of entrepreneurs being screwed over by venture capitalists. What books teach how one can successfully navigate the VC world?
How do startups setup meetings with high profile VC's and Angels?
When a succeeding funding round is lesser than the preceding round, does it mean the startup devalued?
How can we raise $250K within 2 months for our LA based eSports startup even though we don't know any investors here?
How can foreign VCs seek projects in Silicon Valley?
Who do I approach to fund my startup idea?
What are the stages of succession?
Can one receive funding from foreign countries for a business venture based in South Africa?
How can I find potential angel investors for my startup studio? And how do I pitch to them?
What is a good SaaS metric for an early startup planning to seek seed funds in the future?
With Okta and Yext filing for IPOs in 2017, will there be a tech bubble soon?
How much does the average entry level venture capital employee in NYC make in a year (with bonus)?
What is the process to acquire funding for a startup?
What is the average multiple return of a seed/angel VC fund?
I have just stumbled upon a web directory of a VC website's upload folder with a lot of private documents. What should I do?
Is it a good idea for a corporate lawyer (M&A, PE and VC specialist) to pursue MBA?
Is it normal to be issued a common stock based on the converted cap price instead of the 409A valuation?
What are joint venture partners?
Can anyone provide any information about the incubation program launched by advantedge in Noida?
Why do VCs (private investors) remain bullish on Snap Inc, while Wall Street post-IPO investors see them as overvalued?
As an investor, if you could ask founders only one question before making a funding decision, what would it be?
Is a detailed capital allocation plan in an investor presentation necessary?
Where can I get access to venture capital professional networks and access to venture capital CFOs and professionals other than on LinkedIn?
Does Sears have a chance to still turn it around?
Should I get a degree if I want to found a startup, or is it a waste of time?
At what steps can you get funding in a tech startup?
How did Flipkart get investment from investors?
Should I let my competitor invest in my company?
Who can help me get and keep a job in venture capital [without a degree]?
I want to go into either private equity or venture capital. Should I specialize in finance or entrepreneurship during my MBA?
What are the most common standard terms in a Series Seed angel round?
We are trying to raise funds for our startup and have pitched countless times. Should we use a broker or a middleman?
Why the founder of funded today "a multi-million dollars crowdfunding raising service" and the service itself is not anywhere on the news?
Is the average life of a pyramid scheme (5 years) also the length of the venture capital cycle?
Where do companies and related firms post their reports?
Do you HAVE to raise venture capital to build a large company and a big fortune?
Why do VCs have associates and VPs cold outreach founders when it’s unheard of deals happening this way?
Do I need to be a founder first to be a VC?
What was Casetext's valuation after its $12 million Series B funding round?
Estimate to make $2M revenue with $1.5M pre-tax profit this year. Aiming $100M revenue in 5 years (10% of the market). How should I value my startup?
How exactly do venture capital firms have tons of money to throw around?
A) Does your investor and their team have to understand the technology? B) Do investors need to understand the tech to make the decision to invest?
Is it true that venture capitalists don't want another idea related to social?
What are some of the criterias that an investor will look for before he/she decides whether to invest in a startup or not?
What regulations are needed for VC LP?
Feeling slightly depressed about a competing company, can I still overtake them?
What are strategies for getting on startup company Boards for investors with a minority stake?
What measurable criteria can you use to identify partners for an early-stage start up?
When will Arnab's new venture will be on air?
How do I get investors for my venture capital firm that is just starting?
What is the typical number of company investments an angel investor holds?
What advice do you have for somebody who is new to the VC and Startup space?
Would investors invest even if the company is overvalued but still has a huge hype?
Is it ok to lie about your age by 2 years when pitching to VCs?
What are good places to crowd fund your company as an alternative or supplement to going the VC route?
The buffer explained how things led to the departure of two of its key people. How did the investors feel about it, considering the "little exit"?
What is Newslaundry's take on Arnab's Republic TV venture?
What is the best degree to study if you want to work in a VC firm or related field.?
Can you guys share some venture capitalists name who are working in Bangladesh for ICT startup?
What is the best university path to graduate and be able to work on Wall Street or with a major hedge fund/venture capitalist?
Is it common (or legal) for a wannabe CEO raising money for a venture to demand his percentage of the stock to be based on the amount of funds raised from investors?
What can we do to raise money for kids with leukemia?
How do you build an investment firm/company/fund/vehicle?
What's Quora plan after receiving the latest funding of $85 mn?
Where can a non-EU, non-US citizen (resident) seek US and EU angel investors for his promising tech start-up?
Does the VC pay for legal fees after term sheet is signed?
A lot of emails are sent to investors every day for funding. Is it valuable to make something to filter these emails regarding the investors’ preferences?
Where can I look for seed capital in Brazil?
How can I get sponsors/investors for my social network app concept?
How does Softtech VC compared to other early stage seed investor in SF?
How do socological and psychological analyses benefit a VC in practice or financially?
What are the best options to raise capital for a business?
What are capital structure weights?
What are the drawbacks (if any) of skipping a seed investment round and directly raising a couple of millions from VC?
How should one prepare to pitch at an accelerator (e.g. YC) interview vs VC pitches?
Is venture capital the biggest cash crop in business?
What is the best way to get seed investment in Bangalore and where can I find them?
Is it okay to shutdown startup and join new venture?
How much did Flexpayment raise?
In valuation, how do we estimate the terminal value of a company if we don't know when it is going to liquidate?
Is it possible to get pre-seed investment for a conglomerate?
Should I invest in HelloMD (Series A)?
What percentage will a founder expect to give up in a series A round?
More often than not we read & hear that startups closed seed funding, series A,B etc. Where do entrepreneur & investors meet?
Who do you recommend to be an angel investor in Israel?
Can you invest in the US if you are not from the US?
Why is the VC the gallantry award that is so respected?
How does VC works?
Will there be a marketing system-of-record the same way there is a sales system-of-record (Salesforce)?
Which is better for an app startup? Should I pay a developer to code the MVP, or should I give the developer equity so he will stick around?
Are there any capitation fees at PSBB KK Nagar or Nungambakkam?
What are the things do investors expecting from entrepreneurs to invest on their startup?
Why does it seem racist that an investor is willing to invest anywhere except India and Africa?
What is the process of funding a startup as venture capitalist?
Can I use Go Fund Me to raise money to buy traffic to my website?
What do venture capital firms bring to the table other than money? How do they help start ups?
What are some ways to negotiate an exit as an angel investor?
In early stage start-up fundraising, do convertible notes actually ever turn into debt?
How many investor pitches did you do before securing funding?
Who are the most well known investors and accelerators in the food technology space?
Is it a concern to VCs for a startup CEO to pay himself minimum wage in exchange for higher equity?
What is your opinion on Indiabulls’ venture share?
Where and how do you find pre seed investors?
I have to sell raffle tickets to raise money for my school. No one wants to buy them. What's another good way to fund raise?
What effect does taking venture capital have on a company's percent chance of success (on average)?
What are the top 10 things VCs want to hear in an email pitch?
Is it ok to take money from an investor with outspoken political beliefs you disagree with?
On what stage do investors give money to a startup? Is tested MVP enough?
Why do investors favour startups who burn more cash rather than those who generate cash early on?
Who can review business plans before they are reviewed by VC's and angel investors?
Does a multiple exit strategy for investors, attract investors?
Which are the typical questions entrepreneurs ask to investors?
What do Silicon Valley investors think of Auren Hoffman?
How did Myntra raise money?
What does it mean by "exit option" in startup funding?
How many companies does the average angel investor invest in?
What are some examples of startups that never took off because of the lack of funding?
Does it happen that early stage investors prevent you from succeeding (i.e. not allowing to raise additional money)? What could you do in those cases?
What is dilution in shares and what are examples of anti-dilution rights?
Are there any investments in Indian Art Ventures?
How much control should an investor have over your business?
What are the roles of PE firms?
What's the smartest financial investment a young investor can make right now (2016)?
What is your startup? Would you like it evaluated?
Why do most entrepreneurial ventures need to raise money during their early life?
Which niche industry/market has not been innovated in a while?
Can I get VC investors without customers?
How can one set up a tourism venture in limited budget?
How do I present a startup to investors? What is the first step?
Do laws that govern fair lending apply to venture capital?
Would you invest seed capital in a startup lead by an 18-year-old?
Where does one put capital now?
Which company has the highest valuation inspite of making losses?
How do you expand your investor network?
What is the most creative / honest way someone reached out to you as a VC?
Why is post-money valuation higher than pre-money valuation?
When can investors get their invested money back in eb5?
Why did Sequioa Capital invest in Tribe and Houseparty, despite them being competitors?
How do you dress for success as a raising capital expert?
I don't want to miss out on the new Google. Which sources on new tech companies would you recommend for a potential investor?
Which seed funds invest in construction equipment prototypes?
My strengths include detecting trends, networking, team spirit and a high EQ. What might be a good career move to leverage those skills?
Why do startups fail even after raising substantial funding?
I intend to launch a € 10mio Seed & Venture Capital Fund. What are the upfront costs to set up the vehicle?
Where do equity firms like Carlyle group and Thor get their capital?
What are the Sources of capital for entreprenurs?
Would you agree to be on a “fuckedcompany”-style podcast?
Can I get 150k investment in my early stage startup?
How do venture capital firms typically evaluate private companies?
How exactly did you pay yourself as a full-time founder/officer when your startup was in its early stages with little funding ( < $100K )?
What firms in 2017 will be investing in microsatellite startups?
Why do VC’s fund startups that are making no money?
Why does Marc Andreessen believe Peter Thiel is and continues to be wrong about the pace of innovation?
Who are the successful tech venture capitalists who also happen to be practising Muslims?
Who are India's best VC fund managers?
How do you render professional capital raising services?
What are the best platform and/or approach to get reliable up-to-date information about funded startups?
What‘s the operating cost ratio of running a venture Capital fund?
How can I find an unpaid internship at a private equity/venture capital firm in Chicago?
What was Chegg's Valuation for its 2011 funding round?
When a startup looks for funding, how long should the funding last?
What are the secrets of growing your investor leads?
How much do entrepreneurs pay themselves once their startup gets funded?
What are dependent investments?
What is the best seed fund?
Why do we share general reserves, goodwill etc on retirement of partner but not on death of partner?
How is it possible for the 'average joe' to make diversified investments in startups?
What is the best tactical raising capital format?
Can I have more than one investment in startup pre-seed fundraiser?
What are the procedures for starting an Angel Fund for funding startups in India?
What are your lessons on life and raising capital?
What approach do you use when you initially meet with new investors?
If a startup raised 1M on 10% equity in seed funding, what will be the valuation of that startup?
What action does a VC firm take when they invest a lot of money into a startup and then the startup fails?
When a succeeding funding round is lesser than the preceding round, does it mean the startup devalued?
Does Peter Thiel speak like a Marine?
How does a valuation of a tech startup work?
Our competitor raised a seed round from a top 10 SV executive, would this discourage or encourage VC’s or Angels we are currently in talks with?
What are the most tedious tasks an angel investor has to perform?
Looking to contact a billionaire to fund our energy startup. Who should I contact?
When will AI replace venture capitalists?
What are the common VC fund management strategies?
Should I give up 40% equity to a seed investor (apprx $50K) who wants to be the CEO and get complete voting power through proxy?
I am helping a social venture to raise funds using my network. What commission should I ask?
What traits do successful entrepreneurs typically posess when lacking venture Capital?
Should I take common stock or preferred stock as a entrepreneur who receives money from a VC?
When should a startup with only a single founder create a team before seeking funding?
How do you find potential investors looking to invest in China?
Is the equity capital market are on falls?
What do early stage VCs look for in a junior hire?
How do you seek a venture capitalist in Brazil?
How do you crack the raising capital code?
What things should you consider before starting a joint venture in Brazil?
Who has invested in Saif Partners?
How many startups raise (or don’t raise) their next round of funding?
How do I secure my position as CEO with only 1/5 of the company?
When a tech startup launches their app or has an idea for one, how is the valuation of the startup determined?
How should I go about raising 100% of the capital to buy out a company?
What are the most common standard terms in a Series Seed angel round?
What are the ABC methods of raising capital?
What books do you suggest one should read if one wants to become familiar with how a VC firm works?
What are some ways for a revenue generating waste recycling and management venture to raise funding and scale?
How does I invest In best startup or fund In world for hIghest returns Im not angel seed investor V C I have funds of 10 millions?
Can airing on Shark Tank add credibility to a founder's different startup venture seeking capital from outside investors?
How should you dress for capital raising trade shows and expositions?
What are some examples of investor networks which I can access and pitch my company?
What are some great angel investor networks whom I can pitch to?
What is the reputation of Squarepoint Capital?
How do you leave a good impression with potential investors?
Should a startup seek funding in form of a SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity)?
Which venture capital firm is best to pitch to for raising money for an apparel startup in India?
What percentage carry do principals at VC firms earn?
What investment capital firms in the UK/US are best for a start-ups in London?
Which security startups will come out of stealth in 2017?
Do investors care about patents?
How does a startup raise funds? What is meant by different series of funding?
Is world ventures legitimate?
What is cg capital?
What are SAP VC constraints?
Will flipkarts investors be able to exit profitably?
Is there a peak time during the year to go after funding for a startup?
Apart from Fyers, which are the other fintech startups in capital markets?
What are the guidelines to pitch a commercial real estate project and what investment fund companies should I contact?
Where do you find the best investor leads?
What is the difference between PE and VC term sheets?
Has anyone raised capital for developing new features for their SaaS from their own user base?
How is FinTech affecting investment firms?
Why are investors still interested in Uber even though it is consistently reporting net losses?
What is a raising capital deal book?
How do I respond to VC introduction email?
How did it feel when you were handed term sheets for your startup?
How do VCs find companies to invest in?
Why did Sequoia Capital invest in Houseparty? Did Sequoia alone invest $50 million?
What raising capital invitation scripts do you use?
What cybersecurity lessons can we learn from Rogue One: A Star Wars Story?
What are the key ingredients to raising capital?
Which free database that catalogs startups, VC firms and funding announcements comes the closest to being an alternative to CrunchBase?
Would anyone be willing to look over my investment thesis on Medium and give me feedback on it?
How do you form a joint venture in Brazil?
Why should the IRR be greater than the cost of capital, if the IRR only equals the cost of capital, then the shareholders get the value they required?
How do VC backed companies choose a bank? What are the key determining factors?
What is due diligence and who can help me to do so?
Which are the bootstrapped fintech startups in India?
If you were a VC or an angel investor, would you invest in Palantir or Pinterest today? Why?
In what cases is it kosher for a venture capital firm to invest in competing companies?
How could a strategic investor factor in his or her added value in a valuation exercise?
Would startups be interested be interested in sharing 10% of their equity with a VC type company that invests in 360 product development and support?
What are some PR/marketing companies who worked with Facebook at early stage?
Regarding the JOBS Act, what happens if an investor discovered a company on the internet and then went around the internet/portal as a mechanism and invested directly?
What's the best way to get an interview for a job at an early stage VC firm?
As a service provider focused on providing services to start-ups, how can I develop relationships with the VC's that fund them?
When a founder is already wealthy, why would they need or want venture capital for a new startup?
Which investors invest in chemical company in India?
How many Silicon Valley startups succeed? Is it true that a <$10MM exit is considered a failure?
How reliable is CrunchBase data for extracting funding information of startups?
Does an investor in equity investing have any legal protection against inactivity of the entrepreneur?
How do I find the exact date on which an institutional investor invested in a company?
What are the capital requirements for a Brazilian investor visa?
How do you ask for referral investor leads?
What does venture capital means?
How can you raise capital for your business in Brazil?
How are Venture Capital and Private Equity investors changing the world?
Is it nessary for venture capital to incorporate?
How and where to get seed investment for a start up?
What are the different types of capital investment projects and how are they carried out?
How do I raise funds in a short period of time?
What do you have to do (achieve) for the first venture capital investment interest?
What percentage of investors do you think are able to beat the market on regular basis?
How can I raise money for my wearable tech start-ups in Nigeria?
Do those who view atheism as a religion view health as a disease?
How would a person start a venture capital fund?
How do I move to venture capital from management consulting?
How do you build an exceptional customer support for your early-stage software startup?
Do you agree that most web startups are more serious and have a bigger influence on people's lives than most mobile startups?
Which is the most important ability/quality for a VC or investor for startups? (i.e. visionary/futurist, operating experience, fundraising expert)
How does the future of Rocket Internet look like?
How is One97’s valuation impacted after the recent news?
Why is restaurant business so big in South India?
How do you get unprofitable partners to leave your firm?
How does our firm become an investment Advisor firm in California?
I just received $1M investment for my 3-year old industrial SAAS product to scale the company. How would you scale the business?
What is the best tactical raising capital techniques?
What is Databricks' valuation after the recent raising?
What are your best raising capital cold email scripts?
Is it common to see transfer from corporate finance to VC or PE?
How large is the discrimination towards minorities when it comes to VC funding?
What are the secrets to succeeding as a raising capital expert?
How can LCR Capital Partners guide your EB-5 visa investments in the US?
How can I contact VC for funds in India?
What are some good books on VC?
Is it possible to sell only ideas to venture capitalists? Or can they help in providing the means and finance to start from scratch?
Can you guys help me in approaching the seed funding companies/individual in India mainly in the education sector?
Are there examples of a great venture fund executive summary?
How do I make a state of the art application to venture capital firms?
What is the right size for a profitable service company to go for funding?
If a venture capitalist invests in your idea/company and you fail, are you required to pay the VC back?
How do founders take money off the table when a VC invests in a preferred stock? Is it by way of a buy-back or by selling common stocks to the VC?
Is Accel's investment philosophy different to other VC funds?
What are the significance of capital structure theories?
Are VC firms outsourcing the due diligence process?
Why does a company needs seed funding?
What are some fintechs that Andreessen Horowitz venture capital firm has invested in?
How did Facebook find investors?
What software is used in early stage therapeutics companies?
How do I advertise a tech startup in seed stage on social media?
What are the different types of startups, models or structures I can build an investment company as?
Where I can find a list or calendar of open calls for accelerators, incubators or VC funds in the CEE?
Which companies valued less than $1bn are VC's most excited about?
I have a medical device client that seeks startup funding after a bankruptcy almost 5 years ago. What, if any, funding challenges might we face?
How much venture capital has DropCar raised and who are the investors?
I will be studying for a test while networking with startups and VCs in the Bay Area. What are my options?
What really happens when you realize the product is not making it ? How do you pay back the investors/VC?
How does an entrepreneur choose a venture capitalist to participate in his/her company?
If Tim Ferriss had no connections, what would be the first three things he would do to raise capital for his startup?
How can I get venture capital funding/private equity funding in India to develop my Tour and Travel company?
Which VCs are open to investing in Pakistan?
We are raising a seed round and half of the fund is going to be our salaries (for a year), is that OK?
Is it important to you as a VC whether the investment has a residual income?
What advice on corporate governance would you give a first time entrepreneur who wishes to raise venture capital in 12 months time?
Which successful investment were you most unsure about (when investing) and why?
Why is the valuation of Paytm so high?
With all these venture backed influencer platforms, which platforms are actually profitable?
An angel investor got interested in my idea for a pre-funding and he asked for a detailed workflow of my software. Should I worry about that?
If companies raised venture capital do they have to go public or sell?
Would a behavioral analyst or criminal profiler be a better than average venture capitalist?
Can Reliance Jio become a profitable venture in the next 5 years?
Is there a public record of companies that receive funding from venture capitalists?
Do any "boutique" investment banking firms handle capital raising or strategic partnering assignments for startup or Series A stage companies?
Why are VCs interested in the variable cost / operating expenses ratio and why should it decrease over the years?
Several PE firms, notably TPG and Bain Capital, have launched impact investing funds. What potential do you see to integrate impact into the VC world?
How can I convince people to invest in my business venture?
What's a reasonable cap for a pre-seed round?
Why did Bill Maris cancel his places to start a healthcare venture fund?
Can Sonagachi fit to the portfolio and thesis of SoftBank Capital?
I am bad at math, terrible at algebra and slow at arithmetic. Can I still succeed as an investor without being the best in these skills?
Is Lendbox safe for investor? I had asked their support team to share one satisfied investor but they are not doing that.
What tip can you give to lock out the competition when you’ve got your App live and are at seed capital stage?
What are the different types of operations that a firm can do?
Who are the most successful VCs and VCs companies in London?
Why did Goldman Sachs reduce the valuation of Flipkart and what is the method used to arrive at such valuation?
Is lack of funding a major reason for failure of a startup?
Is my SAAS company worth $250,000?
What type of thing should I "worry" about in a Seed or A round due diligence?
Are there any VCs involved solely in commercialising university technology?
Would VCs ever invest in a two-founder startup?
Is there anybody who is interested in Joint venture for Bitcoin Exchange?
What are the leading VC teams, with an international outlook, that focus on the entertainment industry?
Can my company be switched over to a tech VC firm?
What essential AI capability is still lacking from VC portfolios?
How much funding has TheCollegeFever raised?
What's a reasonable finders fee to offer a personal contact for introducing you to a startup investor, on the condition that the investor invests?
Which VC firm will be interested in seed funding a knowledge engine in Pakistan?
In real life, how big and expensive would Westworld be to create?
As an entrepreneur relocating to Australia with a law background and currently studying comp sci, what is the best way to get an internship at a VC?
What is the focus of the CRT Pioneer Fund?
How is the Blackbox.VC program? What did you gain from it?
How does investing in a venture fund work?
Can a start-up raise investor funds in Europe by offering equity or debt directly without a financial intermediary?
Is it common to have a VC fund seed round in milestones?
How important is startup evaluation/valuation?
How do I approach V.C for funding?
Which other venture capital firms do you admire and why?
How much money have VC's invested in Virtual reality startups so far?
If you've raised a seed round but don't foresee hitting milestones to justify a series A, what are your best options for selling the company?
How does my startup get funded by Andreessen Horowitz? Do I have to go to their office in Menlo Park?
Did Donald Trump raise venture capital?
Which chapter is more interesting, royalty or joint venture account?
How can one apply for a startup fund at Bharat Petroleum, Indian Oil and similar PSUs?
Where would I go if I wanted to be surrounded by people who want to invest in ideas?
What is the best legal structure to create an angel investment fund in India (to invest in startups in India and overseas)?
Who specializes in recruiting for corporate venture arms?
How intelligent are people in venture capital compared to private equity?
How much funding was raised by marketing Tech startups in 2016?
Who are the top VCs that can invest in India?
What are the companies that have successfully raised a Series A investment Round?
If the Series B tech startup I work for doesn't hold annual performance reviews how should I ask for the raise I deserve?
What are the elements of a successful venture capital firm?
What would the world be like without venture capitalists?
Is it a common combination for someone to be a capitalist and a humanitarian?
Who gets venture capital funding?
What are the key differences between Private Equity and venture Capital?
Has Barack Obama benefited the economy in the long-run?
Where can I find an investor to invest on a startup in Bangladesh?
Is it worth getting VC funding, after the "nightmare" stories you hear from so many entrepreneurs?
How's Golden Gate Ventures' reputation among VC's?
What is Active Firming?
What countries and cities will become the next hubs of innovations?
What Mattermark Growth Score should a startup have, to be interesting dealflow (or better yet, a must-do meeting) for angel investors and seed VCs?
Is it necessary for a Start-Up company to include an Exit strategy in their Exec.Sum and Proposal to venture Capital firms and venture Debt firms?
Can paralegals at newly launched & early stage law firms (startups) make big money because of equities or is this uncommon?
What are the top funded startups in China?
What method is used by investment banks to arrive at the valuation of shares of companies like Flipkart and other start up?
I want to work in a well funded startup in the US. Which are the most well funded startups out there?
Have you personally invested in any startups outside Foundation Capital's traditional "areas" (e.g. Food startups, CPG-eCommerce, etc.)?
After a failed startup, I would like to start another venture but I need the cash at this moment. Should I take the remote position offered to me?
Which VC funded Kickstarter?
How many exits do you need as an angel investor, and at what multiples/valuations/IRRs, to have a solid chance at raising your own seed-stage VC fund?
What skills does one need to become a good VC?
What does a venture Capital Scout do the whole day?
I have a 75% completed prototype and have taken the project as far as I can. Is there any interested seed capital out there in PA in this forum?
When does a venture capitalist gets his money back?
How do you get a chance to work with angel investor or venture capitalist?
Which PE and VC firms are most active in the legal cannabis industry?
What is a unique venture capital investment strategy you would like to see employed?
I've founded a company and built a working prototype but personally can't build the product. Should I seek venture funding or a technical co-founder?
At what valuation did Patreon raise their $15M Series A?
How can aspiring entrepreneurs build relationships with early stage startups?
As a seed stage high-growth consumer startup (with revenue), do I need to be concerned with doing breakeven and profitability analysis for investors?
Can successful companies that raised VC funding stay private forever? If so, how do investors get their money back?
Who are the venture capital firms who have backed contest, raffles and sweeps companies?
How do you raise capital on startups where to go?
I will meet with an investor Pitch N' Ride for ten minutes. What should I do?
How do I raise funds for a product invented?
Where do startups in India look for Angel Investors and VCs?
What are some good Silicon Valley attorneys that can help a startup negotiate seed funding with VC firms?
What are typically the first 5 marketing positions filled at an e-commerce startup?
What's the benefit for a famous VC like Fred Wilson or Brad Feld of having a blog?
How useful is capitalism?
Which are the most active angel investors in India and what is their portfolio?
Who are the top VCs that can invest in healthcare it products in India?
What is the difference between share capital and market capital?
What is process of raising yet another round of funding?
What does a due diligence process of a VC look like? How much is doing own research in the internet? How much is talking to experts?
Looking back in time, how could you have recognized that Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Google, Spanx, Facebook, Uber, etc. would have been great investments?
Between investors, employees and the CEO, how might investments be split in a enterprise of micro businesses?
How much money can you raise for a pre-revenue startup?
Which venture capital firm is best to pitch to for raising money for an apparel startup?
Where can I find a list of new accelerator programmes/VC/angels?
Which VC fund in India has the most number of IITian founded startups in their portfolio?
How does a tech startup gain traction before investment?
What is the best software for VC fund management?
Where can I get a seed funding for my revenue generating e-commerce startup in India easily?
Where can I get funding for my ecommerce startup?
You've been called "the most productive VC on the Midas List" by Forbes. What do you do differently than a vast majority of other VCs?
Which founders and entrepreneurs do venture assistants call and ask for advice in regards to Tech ventures?
Is it uncommon for a startup to be launched via Twitter with little-to-no money at all? How does this occur? How many startups do this?
How does one setup a firm in manufacturing sector without having enough funds?
What is the real value VCs bring to the table?
What is the preference share block in authorized share capital of the company? Do we need to create it to give preference shares to an angel investor?
Why has GITHUB become the defacto Vcs platform?
Can you change investor deal terms after initial presentation (if mutually agreeable)?
What was your first investment as an angel investor? How did it turn out for you?
What are fund raising instruments?
How strong is the Trojan network in Silicon Valley?
Which company can fund/sponsor/invest new startup business in bangore?
What is the minimum paid up capital for OPC?
What is the difference between a start-up and a general business venture?
How does Alex Chacon raise funds for travelling?
How does one setup a firm in X industry with insufficient funds?
What area the recent series A funded statups?
What are stories of startup founders wasting venture capital money?
What is the current market (late 2016/early 2017) for tech startup seed rounds?
I am CA final student and want to work in investment banker or venture capital firm, suggest me which short term courses will add value for me?
What do I do as a 10th grader to become an ibanker or hedge fund or venture capital professional in NYC from New Delhi, India?
How do micro VCs find LPs to invest in new venture capital funds?
What is your advice for authentically integrating conscious capitalism and social impact to a new venture?
How are tech deals transacted at different valuations?
Who are the best content marketers for pre-seed or seed stage startups that have some traction?
How would you advise an investor who looks forward getting into Equity Crowdfunding?
How do I find companies that fund and assist entrepreneurs for equity?
Is $50M pre-money valuation a lot for a seed round?
How do I value a VC asset manager?
Who are the best European VC funds in SaaS?
What could VCs like Benchmark do in order to help enable more hard technology startups?
What is the go to market strategy to AWS to partner with VC's?
What are some signs that a potential investor is stringing you along?
What do companies like Exotel and Ozonetel feel about Knowlarity's series c funding round?
Where can I get pre seed investment in Bangalore?
Is there a template or sample contract for venture partners for a VC fund?
How much VC funding did Apple raise?
What restrictions do investors have when advising their portfolio companies?
If you were a VC associate today, what would you do to differentiate yourself from others both as it relates to investing and your work habits?
What are the investment trends of VC's in India?
Why is Sequoia Capital investing in juice companies like Raw Pressery and Paper Boat?
Is there any correletion between B2C businesses vs B2B in term of stock returns? Is ont outperforming the other over the long term?
How do I find an Investor for Seed Funding , Our app is Complete?
We have offers of strategical corporate VC although you are not yet looking for financing. Could we profit from the actual situation in future rounds?
How did Amazon capitalize and make money off of logistics networking when it was an early stage company with 10 people?
Do you know of any angel investors that borrow money to invest in marketing and ads companies?
What is the size of the venture capital market in the Indian Ocean region?
How do I sell my venture?
Which venture capital firms are focused on emerging markets?
How do I become a capitalist? Is it even possible?
How do calculate wacc for venture capital funds, what's included in the equity value, commuted capital or paid in (called capital)?
Is it better to invest money yourself or give those to a VC?
What do you think why Quota raises $141M?
How do pre-funding/early stage startups onboard new members and pay them/share equity?
Who chooses the letters in venture investment rounds?
If an Indian company wants to raise fund from outside through debentures in foreign currency, what are the permissions it needs to obtain from India?
Can you name some large, traditional companies that are investing in startups in order to innovate their core business?
What was the most exhilarating single day venture you have experienced?
Did Cyanogen Inc's investors know about the founder issues before they became public?
What do you think is the future of enterprise storage start-ups given decreasing VC funding, increased competition and rise of public clouds?
What are some seed stage funds that invest in pre-revenue startups?
How can I raise money to fund one of my personal trading strategies?
How are the CEOs of investment companies different from the investors of the company? How do they capitalize on other people's money, structurally?
Which are the best private finance companies in India to raise funds?
How can I raise funds for a radio communications service over wifi bands?
What motivates VC's and startup organization to work with AWS?
What are the best venture capital podcasts?
What do VCs think of services like EquityZen?
How do you get a job as a designer-in-Residence or Design Partner at a VC firm?
I just exited my startup. How did startup founders find their next idea and venture?
How do you manage your Cap Table?
How can a high school entrepreneur gain credibility for pitching to VC's?
How do I raise capital for my new startup?
Who are the active seed stage investors in South Korea?
What is the best way to perform due diligence on startup?
We are a startup taking to investors to raise capital. will the valuation certificate from CA needed for our discussion?
What is an interesting ROI for gaming investors?
Why can't micro VC venture capital funds raise money like startups?
What does it mean if a group of companies have $8.1B in funding and $37B valuation?
What has been your experience of investing in tech startups?
What qualities do you look for in a startup pitch?
Where should I be searching for gaming VCs for seed investment after successful CF campaign?
How do Sequoia backed companies like RawPressery & Paper Boat get money at valuations 15-30x of their revenue?
Apart from funding, advice & introductions, what kind of value-adds does Benchmark offer its portfolio companies?
Were to get angel investors to invest in a real pharmacy?
What is the allure of angel investing?
What type of questions should one ask a venture capitalist for an informational meeting?
What have your failed business ventures taught you?
Do you need loans or an investor? Capital Hills Finance Group is your best bet. Why not contact me now?
How do I use affiliate marketing to increase revenue for early stage startup?
Our potential investors instead of us invested in competitor and leaked information about our leads. What can we do?
When seeking pre-seed funding how would I measure my start up/idea valuation?
Can someone become an Angel Investor without money?
Who are key players in VC industry in India?
How do I impress investors, to invest in a small company?
How can I get funding for a solutions based company?
Which are the venture Capital funds with focus on Europe (sector: software as a service OR energy efficiency)?
Should startups who voted for Trump and disruption trust the judgment of Silicon Valley VC's and tech investors that voted for Clinton and status-quo?
How do I approach a venture capitalist when my prototype is ready?
Is it possible to found a Startup with online partners?
Is it rational to opt for entrepreneurship even while you do not have enough funds for your venture?
How should I approach an early stage startup with an offer of an angel investment?
How does Australian accounting firms assist with SMSF investment strategy?
Which founders and entrepreneurs do venture Assistance call and say, "I will give you any amount you need to startup a company in a certain space."?
What does the startup have to pitch or showcase to early-stage investors to raise seed capital?
What is the best way to secure funding for a start up app?
What legalities are there when starting a venture capital firm?
How do I raise funding to develop an MVP?
What is relation between quantum of capital raised after an IPO and it's future audit plans?
What is the types of capital base companies?
What are the top questions a startup CEO should ask to investors?
What do investors get if your business doesn't exit or fail but just… slowly inks along?
How is mobile indie game development usually funded?
What exactly is a "deal partner" at Andreessen Horowitz?
What do you look for in an investment as a VC?
Do narrow-minded or focused VCs make money?
Why do people not invest in a business?
What VC's specialize in downrounds?
