With so many German men killed in WW1 and WW2, how well did the population bounce back after 1950?
What was the worst thing about world war 2?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in the Second World War never exploded?
What happened to Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the two cities that were devastated by nuclear bombs, after the war?
How did Americans treat Japanese POWs during WW2?
During the World Wars (or other wars) did people from Ukraine, Caucuses and Central Asia etc fight for the Russian Empire/Soviet Union?
Why did Hitler join the German Army?
How was a flak gun so effective against aircraft in WWII? Are there easy ways to shoot a moving target?
Were there any battles between Nazi Germany and its former allies?
Who would win in a war between end-of-WWII USA and USSR vs the rest of the end-of-WWII world?
What does Germany and Japan teach about the atrocities in WW2 in school?
How many soldiers were killed after May in 2014?
What impacts did the Muslim world have as a result of World War 2?
If Stalin proposed peace to the Germans a few times (1943 and early 1944), what were the Soviets’ demands (concessions or annexations)?
Does the hairstyle of Adolf Hitler still exist?
Was there any impact of the Holocaust on Germany's chances of winning WWII?
Who declared war on Germany?
Why did Germany choose Italy as an ally instead of Russia during WW2?
Which is the strongest armed force in WW2?
If you were a Nazi soldier in Hitler's Germany, how would you justify your actions?
After the Pearl Harbor attack, why did the US wait for three years before attacking Japan?
After France’s capitulation in WW2, how much did the French resistance do?
Would Hitler still have committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviet Union?
What if the Soviets had kept on fighting after VE Day?
Would Nazi Germany have risen to power if Hitler had gotten into art school?
Where did Holocaust survivors decide to live after the end of the war? How did they live?
How can I be like Hitler?
What is a list of three to five (3-5) international incidents since World War II where America has taken on a policing role?
What was the best frontline bomber during WWII?
What do you think of the theory that Stalin was planning to attack Hitler as proposed by Viktor Suvorov?
What would happen if Nazism and Fascism spread throughout the world?
Were any Allied personnel held to account for the fire bombing of Tokyo and Dresden? If not, should they have been?
Why did the Wehrmacht seem to have a larger variety of armored vehicles compared to the Western Allies and the Soviet Army?
How did Hitler's experience in WWI shape his viewpoints after the war was over?
After all the 'secrecy' of the Normandy landings, were the Allied ships attacked by the Luftwaffe? How could they miss the Armada?
How did the British treat German POW during WW2?
Could the British have singlehandledly defeated the Germans in 1939?
How did the United States end World War II in the Pacific?
Whom would the title of Führer have gone to after Hitler's death?
Who was the most badass veteran from WW2?
Japan killed and slaughtered a lot of Chinese in WW2. What if the opposite happened in WW2?
What would the outcome of WW2 have been if Trotsky, and not Stalin, had been the leader of the USSR?
What does Jon Davis think about how many Germans view and treat veterans and soldiers?
Do you think that Katie Hopkins wasn't actually referring to the Final Solution of the Holocaust?
What was the role of Benito Mussolini in WW2?
Why did German tanks go from gray to tan colored in WW2?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
Why do Fascists think they are superior when they lost the war against the inferior Communists?
Why haven't France and Britain paid Poland reparations for their betrayal of Poland during World War 2?
Could Hitler have won the war?
How did Japan benefit by handing over prisoners of war for the Indian National Army during the Second World War?
If Nazi Germany had a small battalion of modern MBTs, could they have won WWII?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
Were the British plans for the defence of Singapore truly misguided?
Why was it such a big deal at the end of the war in the Nuremberg trials that the Nazis executed Soviet commisars when many of them were just as bad?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
Who was better educated, Hitler or Stalin?
How hard was it to take down a bomber during WWII?
What did the French expect the Germans to do in World War II?
Who is your favorite WWII leader and why?
Apart from world war friendship, what makes German and Japan best in technology like automobile?
How good was the Red Army in late WW2?
Did your father fight the British for Germany during WWII?
How come the U.S. never really bothered to develop a heavy tank in numbers like they did with the M4 during WW2?
What are some jokes that soldiers told about the different armed forces from around the world - in WWII?
With as late a start date as possible, what can you do to give the Axis powers a victory?
What was the point of Kamikazes in the Pacific front during WW2?
Why is it that when people talk about WW2, they often say that Russia and America won the war? What about the UK?
Do you believe that Manstein could have brought the Eastern Front to a stalemate after Stalingrad if not for OKH's mistakes?
How can the average person best remember the tragedy and horror of the Holocaust?
Did Hitler have an unrealistic idea of the amount of resources, troops and money he had? Why?
What was Stalin's reaction to attacking on Pearl Harbor?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
In WW2 did normal people do bad things or were bad people give more power?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early 40s were terrifying. Why did it not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
What are some trials and tribulations that people go through, that inspires others to stay motivated?
Is there any truth in rumours that the Messerschmidt ME109 couldn’t turn hard left and could have easily been taken by the P51 during WWII?
How was the situation in the Central Africa colonies during WW2?
Did Germany change their political system after WW2?
What do you know/think of Karl Haushofer's influence on Hitler in general and on writing the “Mein Kampf”?
What East European country was most anti-Semitic in the Second World War?
Did Japan ever come close to invading Australia during World War 2?
To what degree did World War 2 significantly change the lives of American women?
How much did Norwegians cooperate with Nazi Germany?
How successful was the German Army during WW2? Are they over-glorified?
Can France be blamed for World War II?
Are battleships sunk as post war "targets" ever explored?
What would have happened if Hitler had mixed Operation Barbarossa with Operation Blau in 1941?
Why did Christian Günther allow British Agents to examine and transport the wreckage of the V2 "Bäckebo Bomb" from Sweden to Scotland in 1944?
What was a staff sergeant in WW2 and how did their responsibilities differ from other kinds of sergeants?
Why did Adolf Hitler join the German Army?
Who funded the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development, which operated from WWII until the 1980s?
How does the German people of today live with what their people did in WW2?
How long would Nazism have lasted in Germany without WW2 and the Lebensraum policy?
Why did Hitler never allow evacution of the Courland pocket?
If Hitler had won World War II, would Germany have become the language that English is now? Would Japan have many more anime and manga fans?
What was Japan's reaction to Germany's defeat during WWII?
How did Hitler save Germany from the hyperinflation?
Are there any notable Japanese who are against the Yasukuni Shrine and truly apologetic for WW2?
Why did France surrender during WW2 without fighting?
Did World War 2 accelerate the British movement to decolonize?
Why wasn’t Hirohito hanged for crimes against humanity?
Why was the west so kind to Germany after the end of World War Two?
Why did World War II start? Who won it? Can you give insights or give references?
Why did FDR ask Stalin to break the Non-aggression Pact and attack Japan if he knew the US was going to succeed in the atomic bomb development?
Why did the U.S. and U.K. agree to the Soviet Union occupation of the Baltic countries at the end of World War II?
What are some fashion facts about World War 2?
Why was the USA not charged with war crimes for bombing the innocent people of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How did WW2 affect America's Great Depression?
What other cities beside Leningrad were besieged by the Germans in WW2?
Are Nazi soldiers justified in saying they had orders?
What role did UN played in preventing any war after WW2?
How intelligent was Theodor Morell? Was he sabotaging Hitlers plans? Or was he genuinely trying to help Hitler with his cause?
Who were the important people in the Second World War, aside from Adolf Hitler?
Why were the British caught so unprepared for war at the onset of WW2?
How many fleet battle carriers did the U.S. lose in World War II?
Imagine yourself as a German around the time of WWII. You listen to Hitler's speeches. Do you join the Nazis?
What are some examples of WW2 propaganda posters with their explanation?
What if the Acropolis of Athens had been devastated during WII bombardments?
What foods were rationed in WW2?
Which world war was most significant for Canada?
How can I shorten an essay about the Battle of Stalingrad for a PowerPoint presentation?
If Germans would have captured Stalingrad and Moscow would they have pushed further east?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
What are some interesting myths/propaganda from the Axis about the Allies?
Did the Germans try to bomb British radar towers during World War 2?
Had Germany kept the Nonaggression Pact with Russia, what could have been the possible outcome of WW2?
If Germany had won WW2, what movies would they have made to show their successes?
Is there proof of Allies’ speculation to join the Nazis after they defeated the Russians at Kursk?
What was the real reason Rudolf Hess flew to Scotland during WW2?
Could Switzerland have successfully resisted a Nazi invasion in the 1940s?
Were there any Americans serving as German soldiers during WWII?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
How do the Poles feel today about the various British and French betrayals in 1939 and in 1945?
During WWII, in Russia, was all the scrap metal from destroyed tanks, etc., melted down and reused as the Soviets pushed the Nazis back to Germany?
During and immediately after World War II, what was the public's view on Hitler? Was it anything like it is now?
If the USSR had liberated all of Europe from the Nazis (due to US inaction/failed Normandy landings), would the USSR collapse earlier or later?
Did the allies commit any large scale war crimes in WWII?
How were bunkers made in WW1 and WW2 on the front lines?
Why did the Dutch Navy fight with the Allies (e.g., in Indonesia) but the French refuse?
Why is Winston Churchill revered for his prescience regarding Hitler but derided by intellectuals for his revulsion of Islam - both are totalitarian?
Are Great Britain and France responsible for the declaration of WW2? Why is the blame just on Germany?
How did Germany revive from WW2 faster and continue to perform better than other European countries?
What if the Atomic bomb was created way before its original time - during the Great War?
Did Germany make it harder for malicious dictators to take over the country after WW2?
If all the Jewish scientists escaping Nazi persecution escaped to the USSR instead of the US, how would it alter the course of history?
With it's imperialistic mindset, was England able to obtain and keep any new territories for the British Empire after WW2?
What was the last Nazi concentration camp to be liberated?
What do you think should be done so that Western countries properly commemorate the USSR's massive sacrifice to defeat Nazi Germany?
Are bystanders more sadistic than the bully?
Were there people in occupied France during World War II that would never have come into contact with the Third Reich?
What is your favorite World War 1/2 video game and why?
Do atheists ever wonder whether World War II and now right-wing populism and Islamist thugs are God's judgment on Europe for embracing Charles Darwin's evolutionism and rejecting Christ?
You are the leader of Germany in spring 1943. What do you do to ensure Germany does not fall? You can't win but the Allies have no A-Bomb.
Do Israelis and Jews acknowledge Nanking and Project 731?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
What if WW2 continued into 1945 and 1946?
Does China still have concentration camps for thought crimes?
What are the modern implications in today’s society of the dropping of the atomic bomb WWII?
What was the aftermath of Stalingrad?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Was the shape of the Atom bombs in WWII purely pragmatic, or did they have a theatrical aspect to them?
What would happen if the US had a modern defense system against the Pearl Harbor plane attacks?
What happened to important Austrians after it was annexed by Germany in 1938?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
Why did Nazi Germany start the North African Campaign?
Would 2 M1A1 Abrams be enough to win the WW2 battles for the Americans?
Why do some people respect Hitler and the Nazis?
What inspired you to pursue World War 2/History?
How many German officers continued to serve in the army after WWII?
Why does Field Marshall Erwin Rommel have a better reputation in the modern world than other contemporary Nazi leaders?
Are there still Nazis (neo nazis) in Germany? What parts of Germany would you find them in?
What was the primary purpose or function of the Bund Deutscher Mädel during WW2. Did they offer any real type of contribution?
Just like the allies that landed on normandy, if Nazis had landed on England, what would have happened?
Had the Germans won the Battle of Britain, would Operation Sea Lion have had any real chance of success?
Who were the most prolific and decorated airmen in World War II?
What happened to Jewish children adopted to German parents during WWII?
What if Germany had had some F-15s during WWII?
How much of the famous atrocities committed by the Japanese during WW2 are propaganda?
How did the economic recovery of Germany and Japan after World War II affect the United States?
What are some unknown stories of WW2?
Did the British know about the Holocaust before the breakout of WW2?
Why are the Germans so liberal these days?
Why was there a 1st and 6th Airborne Division, but no 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th?
Was support for Nazism greater in Austria than in Germany during the Second World War?
Were Austrians proud when Hitler became chancellor of Germany?
Why was the Vietnam War more controversial than WWII even though we lost more men in WWII?
Why did a lot of Nazis hide out in South American countries after WWII?
How effective were WW2 anti-air (AA) guns?
What would the world be like if your kids knew how they were made?
If the M3 Stuart battled against the Japanese Ha Go tank who would win (Referencing the Philippine defence during WW2)?
Was Monty ever given any other active role in any other major Allied operational planning after his dismal plan for Operation Market Garden?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
How would WW2 have been affected if all of Germany's logistical problems had been solved?
What if Poland had been an ally of Germany during WW 2?
What do Germans think about the land they lost after the WWs?
Did Hitler just had a soft spot for Great Britain that's why he didn't invade it?
What was the capture of German Samoa?
What was each nation known best for in WWII?
Why was Hitler such a Nazi?
How would the world have turned out if Germany had won the World War 2?
What was life like in Nazi Germany for non-Jewish Aryans?
What happened to Hitler's relatives after World War II?
What if the Teutonic Ordenstaat survived to the modern day?
Did Churchill know about the Pearl Harbour attack before it took place?
Does Neville Chamberlain deserve scorn?
Did the Japanese respect the foreign embassies in China during WW2?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
How much ammunition did the Marines carry in WWII?
How would the world look like if the Nazi Germany won WWII?
Why did the Axis underestemate the power of the Allies in WW2?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
What was life in Germany like under Hitler?
What were considered the most famous/infamous or well-known military units in the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy?
When did the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor hit the news in New York City (local time)?
Did the 201st fighter squadron do well in WWII?
How were Karl Max’s social and economic reforms so effective that the world was divided into 2 blocs?
What if Hitler invaded the UK and succeeded?
How did Germany obtain enough resources to create an industrial military in WWII?
What was the last thing Hitler ate?
What similarities does our present society and politics share with that of pre-World War 2 society and politics?
Why did America practice isolationism before the world wars?
If World War 2 hadn't taken place, what differences would we see today?
How was popular culture in the United States affected during WW2?
What do you like in Hitler’s personality, and do you think he did something right?
At what point during World War 2 did the Nazis occupy the most territory?
Could an M4 Sherman make for a good hull-mounted SPG/TD?
Where did the US planes come from that bombed Laoag, Philippines on October 18-20, 1944 during WW2?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Are there any firsthand accounts of World War 2 soldiers’ encounter with the Panzer VIII Maus and what they said?
During the Second World War, why was mass hand-to-hand combat rare in the European theatre but common in the Asian theatre?
What would you have done to stop the World War I/II if you had been present/teleported/time travelled there with today's knowledge?
Who helped stop the Holocaust during WW2?
How did the British, whose tank design during WWII was lacking, design and field the Centurion shortly thereafter?
How did Norwegian Jews fare during Nazi occupation, because I don't think they could easily be transported by boat to death camps in Germany and Poland?
Did Hitler ever say anything about Nazism rising again?
Who were the champions of World War II?
Is there in today’s warfare an encryption and decryption arms race going on like there was in WW2 with the Enigma and the Turing bombe?
Did the super KV2 actually exist?
What are those small lines all over many mid and late war German tank armors?
When did the Allies find out Rommel was dead, and what was their reaction?
The Philippines was regarded as the second most industrious nation in East Asia post WWII, next to Japan, what happened?
How did the US and USSR go from allies during World War 2 to enemies on the brink of nuclear destruction during the Cold War?
Wasn't it a bit racist of Hitler to kill the Jews?
How significant and known were the Brazilian expeditionary efforts during WW2?
Why didn't the US enter WW2 after the Battle of Britain?
How important was supplying the Russians with war materials to the success of Russian troops during WW2?
Which international incidents since World War II fueled international incidents such as treaties, exit strategies, elections, and war?
Would the Germans who put up incredible resistance on D-Day have stopped the landings had their Panzers arrived?
Why do we complain about Nazis rather than Socialists, since Stalin killed way more people than Hitler did?
Who has family members who fought in World War 2?
In an all-out brawl between World War 2 light tanks, which country would win?
In the history of modern warfare, why is it that the generals of WWII are the most glorified/famous?
How many Jews went to America in the aftermath of World War II?
What were the strategies employed by the axis countries to recover from their degraded conditions after World War II?
How was the Muslim world divided before WW2?
Why did so many people in the Second World War volunteer to risk their lives and join the army?
Did the Japanese engage in tank combat with American forces during WW2?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
Did most people in Ireland want Britain or Germany to win World War II?
Did Britain invade and occupy neutral Iceland in the Second World War?
Why did England require a loan from the US during WWII despite having so many colonies (more resources) while the US had none?
How did nations around the globe change, post-WWII?
Had the Nazis won WWII, what would have happened to the Muslim world?
In World War II, why were surrounded forces easily destroyed?
Would you see that a large part of the reason for why Germany lost the war was because they had to help Mussolini?
Could the Panzer III and IV have been upgraded more effectively during WW2? Could they have been upgraded to the point of competing against the Ally late tanks?
What are the best WWII jokes?
Did Hitler want Britain to ally with Germany?
How different would it have been to serve aboard a WW1 and WW2 U-boat?
Do the German people nowadays forgive the Allies and the USSR for the way they treated them?
What were the causes of WW2?
How many Americans were killed in Europe during WW2?
If Hitler had been killed in the trenches during WW1, would there still have been WW2?
Do the bravest military units tend to also be the most ruthless?
Where would catches of hidden German WWII weapons be found today?
What does the expression "people did not know because they chose not to know" mean in relation to the Holocaust?
How many Indian soldiers lost their lives trying to protect Singapore during World War 2?
What was the response of the survivors when Israel became a nation again after going through the horrors of the Holocaust?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
During what event/war was the U.S. army most powerful?
How long did WW2 last and why did it last for so long?
Why didn’t Japan invade the USSR when the German’s were close to Moscow in 1942?
Why do some people believe Hitler did nothing wrong?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
What German weapon or technology had the potential to win WWII but was never used?
Why would God let the Holocaust happen?
Why isn't the same mentality the Japanese soldiers had in World War II implemented in today's soldiers?
Did the D-Day landings occur during high or low tide?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
What happened in the African front of WW2?
Was the Bund Deutscher Mädel ever integrated into the Wehrmacht under OKW for any military purpose or used in any other purposeful capacity?
In WWII, would a Regimental Signaler be in the field?
Why didn't Hitler escape rather than committing suicide?
What did German WW1 veterans think of WW2?
When does Germany have a change leadership?
How do you feel about the phrase "The world is my guru"?
Are suicide attacks on military targets (like Japanese Kamikaze in WW2) war crimes?
Did average Germans have a false superiority complex during the Nazi times? Has it been corrected by their education system?
How did Hitler become a dictator of Germany when he didn't even get food and was homeless like a beggar before joining the army?
Would it have been possible for the Allies, mainly the US, to attack and defeat the USSR immediately after World War II as George S. Patton wanted?
Why would police officers detain Japanese-Americans during WW2?
Did Central and South American countries take part in WW2?
How would Hitler's flak towers stand up to modern artillery and bombing?
Could Germany have defeated the Allies at D-Day if their beach fortifications included a coast-line full of quicksand?
Why have the German WWII E-boats been almost forgotten about, as compared to the U-boats?
Is it true that the Treaty of Versailles, had it treated the defeated nations differently, would have prevented World War 2?
How does Julio Pino know so much about Adolf Hitler?
Three Sachsen-class frigates of the German Navy in service in the Baltic Sea are transported back in time to May 1942. What would the crew do?
What can you say about the Filipino resistance movement in World War 2?
Following WWII, was every German who participated in the transport and death of people to the concentration camps considered a war criminal?
Why do New Caledonia and French Polynesia remain loyal to Free French Forces despite being in the Pacific ocean during WWII ?
Were the Imperial Japanese worse than the Nazis?
Why is Austria sometimes not seen as a victim of Nazi Germany?
Does the US need a detrumpification process like Germany after WWII?
What were the most important locations involved with Greece during World War II?
Did people try to escape the Soviet Union on boats after World War 2?
Do soldiers today study the actions of World War 2 as part of their training?
What was your favorite WW2 game?
Would Hitler have not committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviets?
Did Hitler become megalomaniacal or was he megalomaniacal to begin with?
What font did the US military use in World War 2 era documents (an example is in the details)?
What was it like traveling between national borders during WW1, WW2? How were things restricted and monitored?
Why was Germany so ahead of Allied nations in terms of technology during WW2?
If Germany had the same resources in manpower, oil, and materials as the Soviet Union did between 1941 and 45, would Operation Barbarossa have been successful?
What are the best books to read about the World Wars?
How much longer would the Nazis have needed to finish fortifying the D-Day landing beaches sufficiently to repel the Allied invading forces?
How would WWII have changed if operation Case Blue had been a success and the Germans had captured all the Caucasus oil?
What is your opinion on the British during the Second World War, and what they did do wrong?
What were the coolest battles of WWII (excluding major battles)?
Were men in gulags asked to volunteer for the Red Army? (WW2)
How can I convince loony leftists that the US didn't merely usurp Nazi Germany's role in the world after defeating it?
What are the losses of the Allied and Axis Powers?
When did the liberal world order start? Was it after WW II or in the 19th century Great Britain?
Where can I find a list of German Jewish WW1 veterans?
Are the Poles still upset at the British and French betrayal in 1939 and 1945? (Germany/USSR invaded in 1939 and Poland fell under USSR rule in 1945.)
What were the impacts that WW2 had on the world's citizens, short - and long - term, positive and negative?
What could have the Germans produced that would have won them the war?
If you had a everlasting smartphone with access to wikipedia, and was sent back to the start of WW2 could you help?
Will the Nazi lose when Hilter died?
Why did the German army chose to use the MG3? It seems like using a carbon copy of Hitler's buzzsaw is a tad bit distasteful.
If World War III broke out, would post-World War II Allied restrictions on the Wehrmacht be removed?
Which army won WW II?
Did Britain execute deserters during WWII?
What priviledges did the Russians have from the Chinese before WWII?
Why did Arabs oppose Turkey during WWII?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
Can civilian deaths be justified during World War II?
When did you first become interested in World War 2 history, and why?
How long the world war 2 had continued (in Europe) if allied troops started operation overlord in early 1943?
What was the world population before and after WWII?
Why did the Germans make an alliance with Italy during WW2, if they knew at the time the Italian army was terrible?
Under the looming threat of German invasion was there ever any talk between former members of Austria-Hungary to reunite/ally before WW2?
Do the leaders in the highest offices have any idea of the real suffering of people during war?
If Europe was destroyed today to the same extent as after WW2, how would the power vacuum play out?
What topics in WWII history are unfairly ignored or understudied?
I want to learn about World War II, which books should I read?
How were Friden Flexowriters used during World War II?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Why did Germany enter WW2?
Why were there so few trenches in WW2?
Who would win between WW1 Italy and WW2 Italy?
Was the Holocaust profitable for Nazi Germany?
How would the Second World War pan out sans Hitler and the Nazi movement?
Were pilots in World War 2 concerned about flying certain air routes over occupied Europe?
How were the Germans made to co-operate under WW2?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
What happened to Hitler's uniforms? Where are they?
How can we end war?
Was Italy better in WW1 or WW2?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in Second World War hadn't exploded?
Which country fought back in World War Two?
If you told the Nazis you were hiding Jews, what would happen to you?
If the Côte d'Azur had been German property, would there still have been a World War I & II?
How would WW2 have played out if Germany were an island in the North Sea?
Was the nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki the noblest deeds in history?
What if Britain remained neutral during WW2?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early ‘40s were terrifying. Why did they not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Why did the Italian Army perform so poorly in North Africa during WW2? Were they able to make any real contribution to the Axis war efforts?
If Stalin was supplying the Germans during WWII, why did the Germans attack Soviet Union to obtain supplies?
Was Germany better off without Italy in World War II?
What ended U.S. neutrality in WW2?
What would have happened if Winston Churchill was an American?
What were the biggest military mistakes of all time?
When was the last time that a general was in the front lines of his troops during a battle (other than by being caught in a surprise attack)?
What did German crews think of the Jagdpanther?
Did the Germans make an effort to be better-behaved in their occupation of France and Belgium in 1940 than Germans had been in the 1914?
What would've happened if the Americans joined the Nazis?
Did the earth cool down after the Second World War?
What do you think is the ultimate lesson people should remember about the Holocaust?
What was the difference between a German infantry division vs a panzer division during world war 2?
Have there been massive, large scale fire bombings (such as Dresden or Tokyo) since WW2?
Did Luxembourg have any involvement in WWII?
In WW2 , why didn't Germany have aircraft carriers? Do they have any today?
Why does Britain insist on calling the World War II Admiral Graf Spee heavy cruiser a "pocket battleship"?
Which WWII fighter was overall the best: the Supermarine Spitfire or the Messerschmitt Bf109?
Did Winston Churchill believe that the Cold War was for the good of humanity?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What if England did not declare war on Germany?
What would have happened if Gandhi was the leader of Britain during WW2?
Did Britain and France become a single country in 1940?
How popular were Bodoni fonts by WWII?
How did Americans treat Japanese POWs during WW2?
Why did Hitler join the German Army?
How was a flak gun so effective against aircraft in WWII? Are there easy ways to shoot a moving target?
What did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have in common?
If Nazi Germany had crushed all of Europe except England, would it have attempted to invade the USA to try to knock us out?
Was there any impact of the Holocaust on Germany's chances of winning WWII?
Was it possible for Japan to win the World War 2?
Churchill fought hard to keep France involved in the victory talks at top table after Germany's WWII surrender. Why are they so rude about Brits?
Why did India support Britain, during World War 2?
Was Japan restricted to develop aircraft manufacturing after WW 2?
How did Hitler help India?
Was the Ponte Vecchio the only bridge over the river Arno left standing after WWII?
What organization was dedicated to solving problems peacefully after WWII and one that still exists today?
Are there any WW2 weapons that are in mint condition?
How did the British treat German POW during WW2?
What are the reasons for the bad British military performance during the first part of WWII?
How did the Japanese treat prisoners of war in WWII?
Why did the British Army name one of its primary tanks of the Second World War after Oliver Cromwell, a regicide?
How was debt the reason for World War 2?
Whom would the title of Führer have gone to after Hitler's death?
To what extent shall a population be made responsible of a failed policy of its leader?
What is arguably the best tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
Was World War II the most destructive war in history?
If you could go back in time and push a button which would kill double the amount of Germans that died in WW2 but would prevent WW2 would you push it?
How would the world be different if Nicholas II had never been the Czar of Russia?
How did they launch gliders in WW2?
What is the most similar event to World War 2 in world history?
What was the role of Benito Mussolini in WW2?
What was the Italian submarine service like during WW2?
How does the way countries view World War 2 differ from country to country?
What would have happened if France and the United Kingdom hadn't declared war on Germany in retaliation for its invasion of Poland?
What would the effect be if we replaced both bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki with two Tsar Bombas?
After WW2, the UK almost decided against developing a nuclear bomb on economic grounds. Would the UK be economically better off today if they hadn't?
What was the only good weapon the Japanese had in World War II?
What interests did the US have in China and Southeast Asia in the 1940s?
Did World War II happen because of miscommunication? If so, how?
What was the biggest miscalculation of the Axis in World War 2?
Could General LeMay have used nuclear weapons on his own authority as Command of SAC after WWII?
Did the Jews who escaped to Jamaica during WW2 stay there after the war?
Why did World War II German light cruisers have twice as many guns at the rear of the ship as at the front?
To what extent was the Japanese invasion of China justified in WW2?
What was particularly impressive about Easy Company's assault on Brecourt Battery during WWII?
Could a company of the 506th Airborne survive the battle of Little Bighorn if they traveled back to 1876 with their WW2-era weapons and equipment?
Was the USA already an economic superpower before WWII?
Why did Nazi Germany invade the USSR in such a hurry? German generals seemed to prefer any invasion to be in 1945 at the earliest, didn’t they?
Did the Hitler Youth continue with guerrilla warfare in the years after the official surrender of Nazi Germany?
Does Banzai have standard procedures or is it just a final charge?
Were there any "good Japanese" like there were good Germans?
How would World War II have played out if Henry Wallace had been elected Vice President in 1944 instead of Harry S. Truman?
What are the similarities and differences between WW2 Stalingrad (Nazis vs Soviet) and Mosul (ISIS vs Iraq) today?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
What would have happened if Hitler succeeded in capturing (or killing) all allied forces that were evacuated at Dunkirk?
Was Mussolini forced to be Hitler's ally?
How come the U.S. never really bothered to develop a heavy tank in numbers like they did with the M4 during WW2?
What do communists think of Hitler as a person?
With as late a start date as possible, what can you do to give the Axis powers a victory?
Is it possible that a soldier threatened a pilot with a pistol to fly back into Stalingrad to get his friends out as well?
Who were the losers and winners of the Second World War?
Did the Allies attack Austria in WWII?
Why wasn't Japan declared an American territory after WW2?
What would happen if George Patton's plan to go to war with the Soviet Union was carried out?
What was Stalin's reaction to attacking on Pearl Harbor?
What were the intelligence wars between Germany versus the Soviet Union in WWII?
What was Hitler's critical mistakes that lead to the successful allied evacuation of Dunkirk?
What was the main reason Hitler killed himself?
If you could go back to 1943, swap places with Hitler and have his appearance what would you do?
What did America know or suspect of Japanese plans to attack Pearl Harbor or other US territories prior to December 7, 1941?
What was the most effective weapon of WW2, in terms of damage/casualties?
What would happen if you had mentally challenged children during WWII?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers? How?
Were there trials and prosecutions of Confederate leaders after the US Civil War (like there were after World War II)? If not, why not?
Would we have nuclear energy if the Second World War never occurred?
How common was the G43 rifle in the German army? What were the odds for the average soldier to be assigned one?
What was the effectiveness of the German surface fleet in WW2 compared to the U-boat fleet and which was more vital to the war effort?
What is causing the mass starvation and migrations from Africa to a degree greater than ever before in history since the end of World War II?
How much land of the German empire was given to Poland exactly after WWI and WWII?
Why didn't the German army after World War II name another tank Tiger?
Can France be blamed for World War II?
How could WW2 escort fighters match enemy interceptors that didn't need as much fuel?
If Hitler would have won WW2, we would have learned Nazi ideology in school. How do I know I'm not being brainwashed by Western ideology?
What would have happened if Hitler had mixed Operation Barbarossa with Operation Blau in 1941?
What would have happened if Hitler declared victory in Europe, and did not attack Britain?
Where can I find cheap World War 2 replicas?
Why did Adolf Hitler join the German Army?
Did the Japanese High Command try to place the Emperor in House Arrest to prevent Japan from surrendering right before the end of World War II?
What if we dropped a huge atomic bomb, with a blast radius the size of all atom bombs before the fall of the USSR on Japan?
Why does Hollywood portray German soldiers as buffoons when it is a well-known fact that Germans had the highest tactical freedom at the NCO level?
Who funded the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development, which operated from WWII until the 1980s?
Are there any London WWII evacuees alive?
Could Germany have won World War 2 if Hitler wasn't in charge?
What was the best French tank in World War 2?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the MP40 or the Tommy Gun?
Why weren't the USAAF B29 Superfortresses or B17s camouflaged during WW2, like their British counterparts?
What was the worst decision Hitler made during World War 2?
What problems did Hitler face while ruling over Nazi Germany as its dictator?
Why did the United States support French control of Vietnam after World War II?
How strong were the Nazi German soldiers as compared to the French?
Do you think that CoD WWII is inappropriate/insensitive?
Was Ferdinand Porsche ever tried in the Nuremberg Trials? He did contribute extensively to the German war effort and was a Nazi party member.
What if Spain, Portugal and Turkey all joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
Were Japanese soldiers more disciplined as compared to the American soldiers?
What happened to Poland during WW2?
Since so many soldiers died in WWI/II, if they had never happened would the nations’ militaries be much, much bigger (since 30+ million died)?
Why did US soldiers rape French women when they were their allies in World War II?
What's the difference between Mussolini and Hitler?
In your opinion, who would you say was the better battlefield tactician, Col. Hal Moore or Major Richard "Dick" Winters?
What other cities beside Leningrad were besieged by the Germans in WW2?
After WWII ended, what was the percentage of the US population that were combat veterans?
Was it possible for Nazi Germany to ally with the USSR?
Are Nazi soldiers justified in saying they had orders?
Why were the Wehrmacht so surprised about the weather in Barbarossa, if the the German winters are often very harsh too?
What would have happened if the British Empire had joined Germany in World War Two?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
Why didn't Stalin join the Axis alliance during WW2? Was it because of Japan’s opposition?
What does it mean collecting dead soldiers locket in WW2 movies?
If Hitler hadn’t declared war on the U.S. after Pearl Harbor, would FDR have been able to convince Congress to declare war on Germany and Italy?
What was going on in South and Central America during WW2?
Before and during WWII, did Germany and Japan have comic book heroes similar to Captain America, Superman, the Boy Commandos, etc. fighting the Allies?
Did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
How can I shorten an essay about the Battle of Stalingrad for a PowerPoint presentation?
What if Germany had retreated to the Alpine Redoubt in the final days of WW2?
From the German opposing military perspective, who was the best general they fought against? Montgomery, Patton, Zhukov, etc in WWII?
Is current Germany as powerful as Nazi Germany was?
Would Britain speak German if the Nazis had won WWII?
Would Germany have won WWII if they had not wasted so much of their resources transporting, housing and murdering Jews?
Was it possible for Germany to negotiate a better peace treaty if USA didn't get involved in WW1?
Is there any record of a Nazi testimony / witness description of his perspective of D-Day?
Where did soldiers buy knives during WWII?
What would the American political system be like if a powerful socialist party existed in the United States after the Second World War?
How might history differ if the USA only retaliated against Japan in WW2 and not entered Europe?
What were Hitler's views on the other individual races of the world?
If China had adopted democracy after World War II, how differently would it have grown by now?
How were trenches used differently in World War 2 compared to World War 1?
Would nuclear weapons still be invented and used in World War II if Albert Einstein never existed?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
Was there a time in WW2 that the Americans and regular German army fought together against the SS?
Why didn't Nazi Germany invade Pakistan?
Why are there so many Wehrmacht groupies on Quora?
Did Turkey support Nazi Germany and Hitler?
During World War Two how did the military decide where to send troops?
Why did the Dutch Navy fight with the Allies (e.g., in Indonesia) but the French refuse?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
Why didn't Germany bomb any landmarks during the London Blitz?
What was the last Nazi concentration camp to be liberated?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
Who was more evil: Adolf Hitler or Josef Fritzl?
Did the Japanese fleet bound for Pearl Harbor encounter any foreign vessels en route to their attack?
If the Japanese and/or the Germans had have won WW2 and defeated America, would they have had the resources to occupy the US?
What are some interesting stories related to Einstein and World War II?
What is the best book about World history, before, during, and after the World Wars?
Can you summarize WW2?
If Field Marshall Erwin Rommel survived the war, would he have been found guilty at the Nuremberg trials?
How can I be a good speaker like Hitler was?
What is a realistic way the Nazis could have won WWII?
What happened with the best and the most experienced Wehrmacht or SS soldiers after the WW2? Did some of them become mercenaries in other wars?
With the Jewish population halved in WWII, was their repatriation to occupied Palestine ideal, given the arability of the land and history of disputes?
If Nazis were not anti-semitic, how many Jews would support them?
How would an F-35 do in World War 2? Would it change the outcome of the war on the level of the nuclear bombs?
In this day and age, is it possible to stop a world war before it happens?
If Panther Tanks could be used after WW2, how would they upgrade?
What would the world look like today if Hitler had not attacked Poland and left it as a buffer state between Germany and the USSR? But what if he still attacked the West?
Did Spain and Portugal participate in WW II?
Had Hitler lived through WW2, would he have been tried first or last at Nuremberg?
Why were German helmets curved?
Was George Rockwell of the American Nazi Party a bad guy?
Would anime have been created if World War 2 had never happened?
Did soldiers in WW2 wear a Hitler moustache?
Why did the Italian Air Force, after showing what it was capable of in the Spanish Civil War, either collapse or become irrelevant in World War II?
Is there any WW2 German anti armor weapons that could face an M1 Abrams?
Would World War 2 have had a different course if Hitler knew more about history?
Why did the USSR wait until after the atom bomb to invade Manchuria? Why didn't it invade earlier?
Why did the allies win World War I?
What would possibly have happened if the Japanese had won at Midway and had captured the Hawaiian Islands?
What if Argentina and Brazil had joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
Given the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact between Stalin and Hitler, why didn't that eventually translate into an Axis alliance with Italy and Japan?
Why did the British leave India all of a sudden, even after they won the Second World War?
What should Hitler have done to win the Battle of Kursk?
What exactly did the Nazis in Germany and Austria believe in?
How did the economic recovery of Germany and Japan after World War II affect the United States?
How much of the famous atrocities committed by the Japanese during WW2 are propaganda?
What are Japanese children taught about Pearl Harbor?
Did Hitler want Britain to be his ally but Churchill ruined the chance?
If Hitler had won WWII, would he have punished Spain for not fighting?
What would have happened if Hitler did launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did the Nazis choose to attack the Soviets, rather than attacking the UK?
Why were the Nazis able to carry out the Holocaust without any major protests from the German population?
How would WW2 have played out had Germany successfully blocked the evacuation of Dunkirk?
During recon operations in WW2, how did recon vehicles avoid getting spotted and easily destroyed by an antitank cannon/tank?
Why were Hitler’s speeches so appealing?
Is the German military of WWII overrated on Quora?
You’re Hitler in 1933. What do you do in order to win WW2?
Why are Nazi officials so much more fascinating to me than Allied leaders?
Why did the Germans in World War 2 have more advanced weapons, tanks, and other things?
Why did Hitler decide to have an armed wing of the SS (Waffen) in parallel to the Wehrmacht?
Did the Japanese have any knowledge about the American atomic program before the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima?
What was the most advanced tank of WWII?
Is it true that Koreans were a big part of the Imperial Japanese Army that invaded the SEA region?
Did the French government compensate the UK for liberating their country from German occupation during WW2? If not, how has the UK benefited?
What was life like in Nazi Germany for non-Jewish Aryans?
Would the victory of Imperialist Britain during World War 2 actually have helped its colonies avoid the possible severe tyranny under the Nazi regime if the latter had won?
In WWII, before the "Battle of The Bulge", was there an American officer, who tried to alert their superiors to what the Germans were up to?
What are some famous United States infantry units from World War 2? They can be from any state in the USA.
How would the world look like if the Nazi Germany won WWII?
Why aren't we as horiffied by the North Korean prison camps as we are by the concentration camps in World War 2?
Could America's entire modern police force defeat any military during WW1 or WW2?
Why did Japan choose to attack Pearl Harbor, and how didn't they realize that that wasn't a very smart move?
How did the Americans and British view each other during the inter-war years?
How differently would World War 2 have gone if the attack on Pearl Harbor had happened in late 1942 instead of December?
Can you sort Mussolini, Horthy, Philippe Pétain, Quisling, Tsar Boris, Francisco Franco, Mannerheim and Antonescu by their level of antisemitism?
How well trained was the average Japanese soldier/marine in WWII?
Did the 201st fighter squadron do well in WWII?
How​ would brand-new WW2 Carrier-Aircraft handle conventional and catapult launchers on today’s carriers?
What if the US had gone along with Admiral Halsey's "Before we're through with them" quote?
Does Russian history acknowledge collusion between Nazi Germany and the USSR before 1941 or is it an inconvenient truth?
What is the most anti Semitic quote by Heinrich Himmler?
Why did Britain sign a defence agreement with Poland in 1939, despite it being unprepared for war?
How feared and well-respected were German soldiers during World War II?
What if the Germans created the Sherman tank in 1934?
Could it be said that the USSR supported Nazi Germany at the beginning of WW2 (for its own purpose)?
What do contemporary Japanese students learn about the cause of WW2?
Is there a problem with Nazi glorification in the modern German army?
How could the Nazis kill so many Jews?
Who ended World War 2?
Would Adolf Hitler's style, the yelling, the hand gestures work in the English language today?
If you had been in the SS in WW2 what would you have done afterwards to make amends?
Wasn't Hitler a coward & traitor who left Germany in ruins?
What WW2 US and British tank did the Nazis fear the most/have the biggest "fear factor"?
Has Austria given up all its looted Nazi art?
What if Japan did more damage at Pearl Harbor?
What did Italy do in WW2?
Why did WW2 happen?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
It's 1934, you're President of Mexico and joined the Axis. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy would you use to help the Axis win the war?
How would WWII been different if Britain and France never opposed Germany's invasion of Poland and Germany did not ally with Italy?
How did the British, whose tank design during WWII was lacking, design and field the Centurion shortly thereafter?
Why are there a lot more memorials for WWI rather than WWII in Southern France?
If D-Day had failed with 100% of the Allied soldiers dead or captured & the same thing happened at Operation Torch, could Hitler have won the war?
Who was responsible for the Katyn massacre, the Nazis or the Soviets?
Did the super KV2 actually exist?
Which was the best fighter of WW2?
During World War II, how important were the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to the Japanese economy and military? What are their parallels in, say, today's USA?
Did USSR Stalin provide oil to Hitler's Nazi Germany for his Western campaign against France and the UK during WW2?
What is the truth about Nazism? What was the Third Reich?
What did the Nazis think of the British, the US and the Russian military tactics and discipline?
Why does the human race tolerate the evil communism that killed over 20 million people, but not the national socialism that killed six million?
Was General Eisenhower ever punished for the inhuman treatment he gave to 700,000 German POWs at the end of WWII?
Who has family members who fought in World War 2?
Was there any colonial empire that actually grew stronger after World War II?
How many Jews went to America in the aftermath of World War II?
What would happen to the US if the USA’s current nationalistic state led to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
What was Hitler's attitude toward black Africans, and did he send them to extermination camps?
Who would win in a fight between WWI Allied Powers and WWII Allied Powers?
What are two decisions made at Potsdam and their consequences?
What would have happened if Hitler had delayed Operation Barbarossa until April or May 1942?
If the Americans came first to Berlin before the Soviets, would Hitler have not committed suicide?
Is it possible that the next world war won't end before the end of times?
What was the most dangerous/likely threat to tanks in WW2, infantry antitank weaponry or other tanks?
How would the best computers during WWII compare to devices today?
What if Japan joined the allies in the WW2 and Soviet joined the axis?
How did Germany manage to get out of their holocaust guilt and depression from WWII to maintain its great position it earned?
What do the Chinese think about WWII? Is it taught in schools?
Was Hitler a good, mediocre or bad army commander?
What would happen to the U.S. if the current nationalistic state lead to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
What do the German school history books say about the Second World War?
How would Tsarist Russia fare in the position of the USSR in WWII?
What did veteran German tankers from WW2 think of the Leopard I MBT?
Was World War II a revolution?
What was the diplomacy of war during World War 1 & World War 2?
How could you change the events of the attack of Pearl Harbor?
If Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany again in 2017, what would he do?
In WWII, which occupied country had the greatest resistance to the Nazis, Poland, Greece or Yugoslavia?
Which country won the WWII?
During what event/war was the U.S. army most powerful?
How long did WW2 last and why did it last for so long?
How could the Japanese have counter the "Boom and Zoom" tactics used by the P40's in China?
Did the Soviets like the lend-leased Sherman tanks from the US during WWII?
Wouldn't it be easier for Hitler to capture another strategic point at the Volgograd and to destroy Stalingrad by air?
How would World War Two and the years following be different if the Axis Powers had united into one country?
What is the Churchill Club?
Why didn’t Japan invade the USSR when the German’s were close to Moscow in 1942?
Is Einstein worse than Hitler and Stalin combined since the nuclear holocaust will kill far more combined?
Why do some people believe Hitler did nothing wrong?
Who would win: a modern carrier strike group or every WW2 ship?
Would Hitler have killed himself if he had been a Jew?
Why is China considered amongst the victors of WWII, when they never fought any major campaign of WWII against the Axis powers?
Do you think the Hitler mustache will ever be accepted in society years from now once WWII and its generation are further back in history?
If Hitler was such an intelligent person, then how come he made silly mistakes during World War 2? Why did he not learn from the mistakes made by Napoleon?
How significant was Japan's wartime alliance with Germany?
Do you think that Germany deserved to lose territories after WW2?
What was life like in Spain during World War I and World War II?
How were Wrens formed in WW2?
Why did the Nazis burn so many books and destroy so many art pieces? Were they attempting to destroy freedom of expression?
What did German WW1 veterans think of WW2?
When does Germany have a change leadership?
What were the differences of German and Japanese during the WW2?
Would the U.S. be what it is today if it hadn't been for World War II? Why?
Was it the Nukes that caused Japan to surrender or Russia's invasion of Manchuria?
If the Japanese had invaded Macau would the Portugese end their neutrality?
What can you say about the Filipino resistance movement in World War 2?
Why did Germany allow the British expeditionary force to escape from France at Dunkirk in May 1940?
What happened to the Germans in the 1930s and 40s who did not support Hitler? Were they imprisoned?
If Hitler had died in 1938, would he have been remembered as the greatest or one of the greatest Germans to ever live? (I know he's Austrian.)
If the Americans had mass-produced the T25 tank in WWII, would it have made a great difference?
If America has the largest military in the world, how come it hasn't won a single major conflict since WW2?
What was the deadliest day in World War 2?
Will Germany ever ask for its lost territory in WW2?
Are there any accounts from troops stationed on the Falkland islands during WW2, and did the MOD's psychiatrists stay no more than 6 months?
If Nazi and USSR were socialists, why didn’t they become allies?
What was President Hindenburg's opinion of Chancellor Hitler?
What was the scariest thing to happen in the wars?
Did the US had the toughest tasks compared to the other allies on D-day?
Did Hitler fail to realise he was going to trigger an arms race?
How should a modern-day person wrap their mind around why the USA needed to drop such huge bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How much longer would the Nazis have needed to finish fortifying the D-Day landing beaches sufficiently to repel the Allied invading forces?
Did any religious wars lead to the threat of nuclear holocaust, like the secular World War II did?
What is one great achievement soldiers of your country made during WW1 or WW2 that you wish other countries knew?
Do you regret that Americans saved the French during WWII?
How fast can Germany invade The Netherlands compared to WW2?
What were the causes of Germany’s attack on France during World War II?
Why was Hitler so good?
How long would Japan have continued WW2 if the US had followed the invasion of Okinawa with a naval blockade and not the atomic bombings?
What happened to the tattooed Japanese in WWII who the army viewed as noncomformists and a potential source of trouble and so did not conscript?
Why do the USA and Russia hate each other when they were united against Hitler in WW2?
What do Japanese today think of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto?
What 9mm handgun would you arm your military with in World War 2?
What was the defeat of the Axis powers?
Was the British attack on Mers-el-Kébir justifiable?
Is God trying to lessen the world's population during Summer?
Who attended St. Mary's Catholic School in Walthamstow, after WWII?
What positive results came out of WWII?
What priviledges did the Russians have from the Chinese before WWII?
If Nazi Germany had never risen, would the USSR and the USA have eventually clashed, vying for world dominance?
What would have been the result of a Soviet invasion on Germany in, say, the 1950s, assuming that Germany halted its advances after France?
What should have happened to the Nazis after WWII?
Which battle ended Germany's chance of winning WW2?
Is there any proven fact and evidence of Hitler massacring millions of Jews in the concentration camp?
What were the torture methods used in Auschwitz?
Unexploded WWII bombs are still found all over Europe. Have explosions happened due to disintegration before they've been located (since the war)?
Why was the USA to blame for the Cold War, taking into account their behavior at the peace conferences at the end of WW2, and the actions taken in Germany?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the K98 or the M1 Garand?
Was Nazi Germany a success or a failure?
What did the Germans think when they saw US tanks swimming ashore during D-day?
Did the U.S. infantry wear hats under their helmets throughout World War II and the Vietnam War?
What did the Berlin Airlift do?
Were Japanese soldiers good to the civilians of their captured colonies in World War 2?
What German post war programs could my grandfather have been in?
What would the world be like today if Hitler was assassinated in 1940 and Rommel became the Chancellor?
Russia and America fought WW2 together. They had a good relationship. What happened then?
How might the war have played out differently if Germany utilised their Jews for military purposes instead of slaughtering them during World War 2?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
Can the armament of a WWII-era Fletcher-class destroyer do any appreciable amount of damage to a modern coast guard vessel?
Why was Leningrad under siege for so long?
Which country fought back in World War Two?
How many European Jews fled to Jamaica in 1942 to escape Hitler’s army?
If a completely secular Jew never told anyone he was Jewish, would the Nazis have known to arrest him?
Why do some of the most adversely affected countries from the outcome of World War 2 hold the strongest economies today e.g. Germany, China, Japan, Korea?
How did France get nuclear technology after WW2 when they were an overrun, recaptured country with a ruined economy?
Since WWII, how much and how often have US and UK foreign policy differed?
What was the name of the Axis response to the Allied "Operation Market Garden"?
How did a German soldier end up in the SS-Totenkopfverbände?
The Nazi regime benefited ordinary German citizens in some ways. How were they exonerated from the devastation that Nazism caused?
How were the inexperienced US Marines able to inflict such disproportionate casualties on the Japanese army in the Guadalcanal campaign?
Did Nagasaki and Hiroshima have a nuclear winter after the bombs?
How would WW2 have gone if the Nazis were actually Americans?
Is it true that the author of Attack on Titan is a Nazi sympathizer and pro-Japanese-imperialism?
Were Americans during WW2 ever doubtful we would win?
Why are Hitler and the world wars discussed so much on Quora?
Did some soldiers in WWII become deaf after battles?
What's more terrifying than having to pick up and defuse land mines in WW2?
Why were watches not allowed during MHTCET?
In WWII, what version of the P-51 Mustang fighter, did the "Tuskegee Airmen", fly?
Where, and in what conditions, were the Kharkov Nazi war criminals kept in prior to trial and execution?
Why does Britain insist on calling the World War II Admiral Graf Spee heavy cruiser a "pocket battleship"?
Who had the highest number of aircraft in WW2?
Did the Korean conscripts for the Japanese military in WW2 surrender more often than their Japanese counterparts?
If Germany had won WW2 and beaten the USA, would the Nazis have discovered brutal experiments by the Americans?
What are some things that Adolf Hitler did that positively affected society back then, and even now?
How many submariners were there in the Royal Navy in WWII and how many were killed?
What is the worst aircraft that was put into service in WW2?
Did Germany pay any fines or financial penalties after WW2? Did they pay for any of the damage that the Luftwaffe caused to Allied countries?
What if India split from Britain before WWII?
Was Nazi Germany privy to information about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor? Was there cooperation between the Axis powers - specifically Japan?
Why didn't Hitler try to capture Gibraltar?
If Britain was communist, would that mean that Nazi Germany had invaded Britain successfully instead of the USSR?
Should today’s Germans feel guilty for their WW2 history?
If you could go back in time to a pivotal moment in history, e.g. the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and you had a chance to stop it, would you change history and all that follows, or let it be?
What was Germany after WWII?
Why was the sign above Buchenwald different from other concentration camps?
Why did men back in WWII enroll for war even though they knew they would likely find death in the clash?
Could the Battle of Britain have been prevented?
Did WW2 soldiers reuse WW1 trenches?
Why were linguists employed in cryptographic units in WW2?
Did Australia play a more important role in WWI or WWII?
If the tables were turned, and the Jews were the ones that had the capability to save Poles from the death camps, how do you think they would act?
In WW2, why did Japan go into other Asian countries?
Why did Japan attack pearl harbor during WW2 as USA was neutral state at that time?
Why did Gandhi support the British during the World War though he was himself a supporter of nonviolence?
Since France has surrendered, once again, how long do they have until chaos occurs in France, since they are owned by Germany?
Will it take another World War for tax rates on the wealthy to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
What was it like to live under Nazi occupation?
Are World War II films with German villains more popular because Westerners are distrustful of modern Germany and the EU?
What/when was Germany's last chance to win WW2?
How did Hitler’s army deal with killing innocent Jews?
If the Allies did not exactly defeat the Nazis, how would history paint the British Empire?
What if Germany didn't declare war on the USSR during World War 2?
What was the lesson of WW II?
My friends and I were discussing the best weapon from World War II. What is your opinion?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
Who were the main Axis powers?
What did Canada do on D-Day?
Why didn’t the Doolittle Raiders land in the Soviet Union?
Why would Iraq become part of the German empire, alongside the Nordic countries and Austria, if the Nazis won during WW2?
What US National Guard unit saw the most combat in World War II?
Are there Neo-Nazis who do not deny the Holocaust?
What was Hitler's reaction to the Hindenburg disaster?
How many deaths was Winston Churchill responsible for?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
What was Britain's role in the Atomic bomb?
To what extent was Hitler responsible for his own rise to power in January 1933?
Why didn't the RAF up gun their WW2 heavy bombers .303 gun turrets to cannon or even .5 machine guns? Their fighter opponents were armed with cannons.
What would have happened if Hitler had been judged for his crimes?
Are there any things to love about Hitler?
What is the official name for the American landing on mainland Japan during WW2?
What would happen if India had fallen during World War 2?
Do we still find traces of War on Omaha beach?
What were Hitler's plans after victory for Slovakia and Croatia, because they were Nazi Germany allies but also they were Slavic states?
Why did Hitler say the Third Reich would last 1,000 years instead of forever?
Which nation did the most in defeating the Axis Powers in World War 2?
If I bought a painting stolen from a Jewish owner in WW2, why should I give it back?
Do you think famous world war video games are the reason for the huge interest of people in Hitler and WW2?
What percentage of the population of the major countries taking part in World War 2 served in combat and non-combat roles for the war effort?
Why did the US invade the Philippines instead of Taiwan in 1944? Airports in Taiwan made it possible to bomb mainland Japan.
During the war, civilians running away from the war zone have been shelled by the artillery. Is this acceptable?
If Hitler had invaded the Soviet Union immediately after Poland and concentrated all of Germany’s efforts towards it, could he have prevailed?
Have Europeans been resigned to German domination since 1940?
What would have been the effect of first strafing runs on enemy ships and then bombing runs during WW2 naval battles?
Were the Russians just as ruthless towards the Jews as the Nazis?
How do you think WWII would have turned out if the internet and computers had existed the way they do now?
Would the Allied troops’ invasion of France have been possible, without first conquering North Africa?
Was the V2 a complete waste of time and money?
Is blaming the Holocaust and WWII exclusive on Hitler wrong?
What was the initial, immediate treatment of German non-combatant citizens like after the fall of Berlin in WWII?
Did people feel a similar amount of fear towards populism in Europe before WWII, as we do now?
Where can I get more information about the Battle of Dunkirk that took place during WW2?
What was the most effective camouflage pattern in WWII?
What are the most secret weapons from WW2?
What was Germany like after 1945?
How did WW2 affect south Asia?
What if the Japanese managed to sink the US's aircraft carriers at Pearl Harbor but not the battleships?
Why doesn’t the Chinese secret government agency send their agents to Japan to kidnap and arrest WW2 war criminals just like the Israeli Mossad did?
Would a world war have come in the 20th Century anyways regardless of the rise of Nazi Germany?
What happened to Berlin after WW2?
What are the similarities of the growing police state in the United States and Nazi Germany during World War II?
How effective were Pantherturms in World War 2?
How did the early 21st century differ from the time period immediately after World War II?
Why didn't the Germans just kill all Jews and others who arrived at a concentration camp right away so that there could be no camp survivors?
What if Spain joined the axis in WW2?
If the Russian revolution had never happened/failed and Russia remained Imperial, how would Hitler have interacted with Russia in WW2?
Did Philippe Petain speak German?
Why didn't the Allies invade the German Baltic Sea Coast or North Sea Coast in both WW1 and WW2?
Why were the German tanks so bad compared to the USA and the USSR?
How have depictions of World War I changed over time in American pop culture?
Do you think Italy should've stayed out of the Axis?
Could a plane like the BV238 launch fighters like the FW-190?
How much was Nazi Germany's war effort impeded by its administration?
Why were World War 1 and 2 fought? Who won and who lost?
How did women’s roles change during WWII?
What if Stalin had been overthrown by his own people during World War 2 and they had surrendered to the Axis?
In Hetalia: Axis Powers, what are the Axis’ and the Allies’ names?
Can you give me a quick conclusion of WW2?
How long will the Third Reich, aka the European Union, last?
What does Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like now?
What was the best side arm (hand gun) used in World War II?
Apart from World War I & II, which war has influenced international politics the most?
How were Filipino soldiers and civilians treated by the Allies in World War II? How about the Japanese?
If someone made an oratorio about World War II, would it be interesting?
How has the concept of 'white privilege' changed in East Asia since the end of World War II?
Was Lewis Brereton the unluckiest or most incompetent commander in WW 2?
Would Poland be better off today with pre-WWII borders?
What was life really like in Switzerland during World War II?
What if Italy remained neutral in WW2?
Why didn't the Rothschilds and Warburgs save the Jews of Germany during the Holocaust?
Who are the top five Hitler's?
Was there a battle at Villers-Bretonneux during the Second World War?
What if Napoleon ruled France and fought Germany during WWII, with both having the same ambition, East?
What would have been more useful to win World War 2: a WW2 historian, a modern armored division, or a modern aircraft carrier?
Did the Nazis plan the holocaust from the beginning?
Which country had the most impact in defeating the Germans in WWII?
Can India ask England to pay for the losses it faced due to the 'Raj' like Germany was made to pay after World War I and II?
Was Stalin actually considering an armistice with Hitler if a second front was not opened up in 1944 and would Hitler have accepted it? What happens?
Why were the Nazis so hated? Didn't the British Empire destroy much more than the Nazis?
Did WW2 combat engineers carry rifles, carry just pistols, or were they unarmed?
How much of a setback to the Allied cause in North Africa, was the loss at Kasserine Pass during WWII?
How many Nazi soldiers fought in World War II?
Just how much military equipment was abandoned by the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) during the evacuation of Dunkirk?
Who were Merill’s Marauders in WW2, and what was their principal role?
What are the medals and other gear on my father’s Army uniform from WWII?
To what extent could war be a solution?
Which year were the Nazis at their most evil?
Why didn’t Argentina ever join the Axis Powers in WW2 to take the Falkland Islands from the British?
How did Australians serve Australia by fighting for the British in Gallipoli and elsewhere in World War 2?
Would the Soviets still win WWII without USA leases?
Did Germany deserve their attack by the allies in 1945?
Did anyone survive the suicide charges of the Soviet Union and the Japanese during WW2?
What if, during the Holocaust, the roles were swapped?
In spite of having dropped nuclear bombs on Japan, how come the USA and Japan have become strong allies?
What derogatory terms did Russians use for Germans during World War II?
How many hundreds of thousands of Soviet soldiers were captured by the Germans in the many battles in Soviet Union?
What would have happened if Germany hadn't turned on Russia after taking Poland?
Was there any colonial empire that actually grew stronger after World War II?
During WW2, why did the Japanese commanders on Guadalcanal kept underestimating the number of American troops defending Henderson Field?
Is it true, that during the First Gulf War, the United States emptied stockpiles of bombs and munitions dating back to World War II?
Can a large aquatic mammal set off an anti-ship mine or a depth charge?
How were Germans sentenced to death during the Nuremberg Trials?
German World War 2 aircraft never seemed to have powered turrets. Why?
What would WW2 look like, with the same circumstances, but with today's technology?
If Nazi Germany were still around, how would things be?
Why was the aluminium from wrappers collected during World War II?
How exactly was the United States coerced into fighting against Germany in WWII? Can somebody explain that to me?
What was the total world population before the Second World War? How many died in the Second World War?
Was there ever a greater genocide of human life than the WWII holocaust?
Considering that Germany merely controls the world using the EU instead of the Third Reich, did Hitler basically win?
Did Germany use any computers at the WWII?
What are some little-known facts about WW2 tanks?
How was Germany after World War 2?
How did the Nazis feel about the NKVD atrocities?
Will it take another world war for tax rates on the rich to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
How do special forces soldiers in World War 2 compare with those today?
What was Venezuela’s role in both World Wars?
Was the Japanese declaration of war supposed to arrive before the attack on Pearl Harbor?
What percentage of the world economy is generated by the war machine?
How have depictions of World War II changed over time in American pop culture?
Did fashionable trends come to a standstill during World War 2?
Why has nobody, since the Mongols, succesfully invaded Russia?
What do you make of anonymous's latest warning about WWIII?
Could an atomic bomb in 1945 theoretically have been fitted onto a V-2 rocket?
Why, after defeating Germany, did America and Soviet Union compete to go to the Moon?
How did the Allies "denazify" Germany? Everyone was brainwashed.
If Germany won WW2, what would life be like in the UK?
I found some evidence that Japan planned to attack NY Harbor after Pearl Harbor. Given the distance, were they capable of carrying out such an attack?
What 4 nations held control of Berlin and Germany at the end of WW2?
Why did the Soviet Army burn down their own fields and villages?
Without the 2 front war could Germany win WW2?
Was dropping two nuclear bombs on Japan that killed nearly 100,000 people when US was so close to winning WWII a war strategy or a weapon test?
What if Germany had atomic bombs in WW2?
Why did India participate in World War II?
Was it possible for Hitler to invade and conquer the Soviet Union during the Second World War? If yes, then how?
How was Germany after 1945?
What are the causes of WW2 by Germany?
Why did the Nazis choose Madagaskar to exile European Jewish people and why not choose Cyprus?
Why is the era after WWII associated with nuclear warfare?
What are some important facts of World War 2 evacuees?
Is it true that most of the footage of the D-Day landings was lost?
What were some survival tips on the front lines during WW1 and WW2? How are they different now?
Why did England invade France during the 100 Years War?
Why does it seem to be the case that the British Army in World War II had access to fewer submachine guns than did the Wehrmacht, the Red Army and the US Army?
Why do German people still excuse and pay to victims of Holocaust?
Was the Italian Campaign a waste of time for the Allies?
Who are the best WW2 fighter pilot aces?
To what degree is this statement accurate: The experience in WWII was similar to the experience in WWI?
In WWII, what were soldier/general/etc. ranks and what were their jobs exactly?
How much metal was used to make all the bullets fired in World War 2?
Do people in the Netherlands have resentment towards Americans after WW2?
How would the USA of today invade the German-occupied Europe of 1944?
What are the long-term and short-term causes of WWII?
Was it humane by the Germans to shoot the wounded Americans in Saving Private Ryan?
Did any Japanese soldiers survive the banzai charges during WW2?
Did Nazi Germany ever try or discipline any of its own troops for mistreatment of civilians or prisoners?
How do Stalin and Hitler compare as war leaders? Who was better?
Why is the world talking about a WWIII when there are clearly no two big parties (it's just NK vs the world)?
What would American and German troops do if they encountered Kranvagns and STRV-103bs on the battlefield? (WW2)
How many people were actually hanged as a result of the Nuremberg trials? Were any women hanged or put on trial at Nuremberg?
What happened in Oradour-Sur-Glane, France in 1944?
What was the best bolt action rifle of world war 2 for the allies and the axis powers?
What is the Immortal Regiment march in Russia?
What would have happened if the USA had not entered WWII against Germany?
What if Canada had joined the Axis in WW2?
Were the Flying Tigers during World War II mercenaries?
What benefit would the Allies of World War II gain for fabricating the Holocaust? (I don't deny the Holocaust and I am not a Nazi.)
Did the Germans know about the English Channel fuel line and Operation Pluto during WW2 and did they try to stop it?
When did Hitler become the leader of Germany?
Following the failure of Operation Market Garden, what operations did the Allied powers launch to thrust into German territories?
What was it like in the French West Indies from 1940 to 1945 (the point that the French surrendered to the Germans until the end of WWII)?
Was Hitler innocent according to Brits?
Why did the Soviets use tanks in Berlin?
What happens when a Soldier in the Military falls asleep on duty in a war zone?
Why didn’t the Japanese Imperial Army attack China’s Communist Party headquarters in Yan'an from the air during the Second World War?
How can you describe the US economy during WWII?
Did the Allies try to evacuate Singapore like they did Crete and Dunkirk?
What happened to Nazi SS officers after the world learned about the Holocaust?
Which are better, magnesium or thermite bombs?
Would the British Centurion tank have matched the Tiger II if it had entered service earlier?
If a German and Japanese from early 1942 time traveled to the present day, would they believe they won the war?
How do you conquer the fear of death on a battlefield?
If Japan didn't use suicide charging as a war tactic during WW2, how would the Pacific theater change?
Are there any families named Hitler today?
To what degree did the British and Commonwealth forces fighting in Burma (1941/5) contribute to the overall defeat of Japan in WW2 ?
Can you compress all of World War II into a single year?
What percentage of Nazi Germany's War Machine was funded by stolen Jewish goods?
At the end of World War II, how did the Allies view fascist Spain?
What was the biggest battle in World War Two?
Why did Hitler order the Jews killing? Why did he hate them?
What if the Holocaust didn't happen and Hitler killed Slavs instead?
Why is Hitler made to look worse than Stalin, who brought the world to the brink of nuclear destruction? Was it to justify the prior Western Alliance with Stalin, which enable him in the first place?
If Hitler hadn't invaded Russia, would he have won WWII?
Who is the most prolific writer of war stories?
What are some facts that may change the way we view Hitler?
What would happen if Nazi Germany had Iron Doom, SAM, and THAAD at once to prevent the Allies’ air raids in WW2?
Why were Joseph Stalin and Chiang Kai-shek enemies?
What would have happened if Hitler had sent his tanks to destroy the BEF forces trying to evacuate from Dunkirk, instead of just relying on aircraft?
Would there have been any computers or a space age without World War II?
Why were there signatures on the Fat Man bomb?
How can the world get rid of wars?
Are Europeans ingrates towards Britain, considering it entered both World Wars for their benefit?
Why Netaji meet Japan prime minister in WW2?
What if Italy's military had been on a par with the other world powers during WWII?
How many German settlers in Texas were kidnapped by Comanches?
What if the Beer Hall Putsch had succeeded? Would Hitler have gained power in 1923?
What are the influences of WW2’s impact on the environment and ecosystem of wildlife and nature on the entire European continent?
Why were the Japanese so aggressively attacking their neighbors?
Did World War II give the British Empire a "noble" end?
If Hitler had the "Tsar Bomba" in his arsenal, how would the world be different today?
Which are the best documentaries to watch on World War I and II?
What are the real reasons behind America and the West becoming the leaders of the world after WWII?
Was Springtime for Hitler an actual play?
How was the US able to perfect the supply line for overseas operations in WWII but no other country could?
Why does Hollywood always make Holocaust, World War II, or Black Struggle (1960's Civil Rights era) movies, every year?
How & why were the Allies able to turn the tide and achieve victory against the Axis powers (Japan, Italy, Germany) in World War II?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
Why hasn’t Russia ever been conquered？
How does it feel to be tortured by enemy forces?
Is it possible to win the whole world like Hitler?
Why were the nuclear bombs dropped on Japan and not on Germany in the 2nd World War?
Theoretically, if the Axis Powers won WW2, how would technology have progressed in their timeline compared to ours?
Who had the toughest job on D-Day?
How survivable would an A-10 Warthog be during the Second World War?
In WW2 ,why didn't the imperial Japanese army attack the Soviets at the same time of the German operation (Barbarossa)?
Who were the main countries in WW2?
What was the worst (deadliest) year of the World War 2?
If Hitler hadn’t been a racist, would he have been a good guy?
Were WWII American soldiers buried with the uniform they wore at their time of death?
How is Atwater prison camp?
What did we learn from both world wars that allowed us to avoid a third world war?
Have you visited any World War 2 battle site in the South Pacific such as Guadalcanal, New Britain, or Bougainville?
If in The Final Countdown (1980) the USS Nimitz had engaged & destroyed the Japanese strike force before Pearl Harbor, what future would await them?
The United States dropped two atomic bombs on Japan to end WWII. Nowadays, why are Japan and the United States allies?
What precisely were the British and French war aims in September 1939?
What is the biggest jump in rank in Spanish military history?
What if the 1956 Hungarian Uprising had defeated the Soviet invasion?
Could the USSR have faced the Germans, without the resources sent by the West?
How did Hitler's childhood shape the person he eventually became?
What effects did the British Naval blockade have on Germany and how did the German government react?
When Hindenburg appointed Hitler Chancellor in 1933, did he foresee how destructive Hitler would be?
Were the lawyers who helped write the Nuremberg Laws punished after WWII?
Would the Japanese government still want to conquer the world if they had an army capable of doing so?
Why did it take so long for the German Army to stop fighting after it was clear they had lost the war in WWII?
What are the books to read about the First and the Second World Wars?
Did Australia play a more important role in WWI or WWII?
What are some good sniper stories of WW2?
What would have happened if the US had not dropped the atomic bombs on Japan?
Did the UK give up its empire because after WW2 it could no longer economically afford it?
If the tables were turned, and the Jews were the ones that had the capability to save Poles from the death camps, how do you think they would act?
Do you think that the US and Russia would have been as close as the US and Japan had the Allies succeeded in invading the USSR as planned, post-World War 2?
If WW1 and WW2 were fought without weaponry, who would win?
What alternative history can I write about that is not related with WWII, Cold War, American Civil War, Roman Empire, and the Black Death?
Did Russians have to balance a sense of patriotism with a distaste for their own government after Hitler attacked them?
What would be a reasonable estimate for Allied friendly-fire casualties during D-Day?
Why did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why are there a lot more films about WWII and the Vietnam War than the Korean War?
How did Hitler’s army deal with killing innocent Jews?
During WW2 how important was Singapore to NZ/AU and Britain?
Why was air cover not able to destroy the German beach defences during the Omaha landings?
Why did the USSR in World War 2 have women fight in the war?
What key battles did the Waffen-SS fight in?
What effect did WWII have on Russia population-wise?
How could the people in Germany during World War 2 tolerate the deaths of innocent people?
Why would Iraq become part of the German empire, alongside the Nordic countries and Austria, if the Nazis won during WW2?
Why did the French return to Vietnam after WWII?
Could Germany have won World War II if they had just focused on building their early successful tanks, like the Panther and the Panzer 4, and had just focused on invading Russia instead of taking down France and all of the Western countries?
Why did Lebanon declare war on Nazi Germany?
What was the actual vision of Hitler, and did he succeed in achieving it?
Do you think Britain saw her finest hour during the Second World War?
What would have happened if the Nazis had implemented the forced and total assimilation of the Jews?
If the Soviet Union surrendered in 1942, would the Allied Powers still have been able to defeat Nazi Germany?
Why did Adolf Hitler suicide?
During the war, civilians running away from the war zone have been shelled by the artillery. Is this acceptable?
How did the German aristocracy react to the rise of the Nazi Party?
In which of the World Wars did the soldiers have the best morale initially?
Could Hitler win if he never attacked USSR and USSR never attacked them?
What are the most chaotic times in human history, excluding WWI, WWII, or The Cold War?
What are some of the most heroic moments of Nazi Germany?
Did Truman drop the atomic bombs to "impress" the Soviets?
If FDR had still been the president at the end of WW2, would he have made Britain pay back their war debt as he clearly wanted to back Britain in the war?
How did Russia lose so much soldiers, more than Germany, and still have a strong standing point in WWII?
What are the three problems that Latin America faced after World War II?
How were the WW2 Battleships sunk at Taranto, Alexandria and Pearl Harbor refloated and repaired?
What was the alleged Allied planned fate for Adolf Hitler had he been captured alive?
What if Nazi Germany successfully defeated Britain before invading the Soviet Union during World War II?
What if the Japanese managed to sink the US's aircraft carriers at Pearl Harbor but not the battleships?
What would happen during World War 2 if Emperor Hirohito was killed during a bombing raid?
How quick could a blitzkrieg be in WW2?
Why did Hitler declare war on USA, when Japan started war with USA?
What if the USSR went to war with the US, after WW2?
How is World War Two taught in Japan?
How much was Nazi Germany's war effort impeded by its administration?
Did the U.S. Navy participate at all in the European, Mediterranean, African, and Middle Eastern theaters during WW2?
Are there any American soldiers who died in the Vietnam War which consist of big brother and little brother in one same family?
What were the aggressive steps Hitler took between 1938 - 1941?
Was the draft of WWII enforced on homeless people in the U.S.?
If you were in command of the German forces in Normandy, how would you defend the beaches with the historical units available?
Did the British people in WWII really go to prison for not finishing all the food on their plates?
What major conflicts has the U.S. lost after World War 2?
Who would win, a modern jet or a WW2 prop plane?
Had the tables been turned, do you think the Jewish could have done exactly what the Nazis have done to them during the Holocaust?
Do Italians know they occupied the Meditarreanian Region during the Turks' Independency War?
What does Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like now?
What made Ravensbrück different from other Nazi concentration camps?
Did any American ever fight on the Eastern Front during World War 2?
Why do many Germans feel guilty for a war they were never part of?
Were there any LRDG-type troops in Italy in WW2?
Was there any real alternative to the Hiroshima bombing? Was Harry Truman solely responsible for this unparalleled disregard for civilian life?
Did the Soviet Union really propose to Nazi Germany to become an Axis Power in 1940?
What do Holocaust revisionists believe? How many different versions of events are there?
Is there a good WWII tank documentary on PBS?
What sources are there for WW2 Europe weather info?
Would someone compare the bomb loads of World War 2 bombers to modern-day bombers?
Are there any conventions on the themes of WW1 or WW2?
Why was the post WW2 Macedonia created?
What made Germans want to follow Hitler and the Nazis?
What if, during the Holocaust, the roles were swapped?
Did the Germans ever consider mounting a 88mm flak in an airplane?
How was Hitler as a person?
What do you think about Serbia in WWII?
If WWII was a free for all, which nation would’ve won?
What are some good books about world war 2 that actually describe war front violence stories?
Who won World War II?
Could Hindenburg have stopped Hitler in 1933?
What was the role of Winston Churchill in World War II?
Were the western allies on the wrong side of WWII?
Is it a reasonable assumption to believe that Adolf Hitler escaped to Argentina?
What was the relationship between the two world wars?
How were Germans sentenced to death during the Nuremberg Trials?
If the Axis had triumphed in El Alamein, The Battle of Britain, Stalingrad and Midway, could they have won the war?
If the Axis powers won in WW2, how would they have treated the Allied countries that would have surrendered (Australia, Britain, America, New Zealand, etc.)?
German World War 2 aircraft never seemed to have powered turrets. Why?
What are the best books for studying the history of World War I & World War II comprehensively?
Why didn't Britain annex Heligoland after the Second World War?
Would World War 2 have happened if World War 1 hadn't happened?
What would have happened if the allies had captured the entirety of Nazi Germany in 1945?
How did the British contribution to the war in the Pacific compare with the American to Europe?
Was every German soldier during WWII a Nazi by definition?
How exactly was the United States coerced into fighting against Germany in WWII? Can somebody explain that to me?
Did Germany use any computers at the WWII?
Why is Russia often disregarded in the West as the nation that truly ended World War 2?
Where or who can help me find information about Karel Curda, traitorous member of the Czechoslovakia's resistance in WWII?
How many POWs escaped from the Soviet Union after WWII?
When did the allies discover to the fullest extent the nature of the concentration camps?
Why did Hitler feel it was important to sign a non-aggressive pact with the Soviet Union before invading Poland?
If the US had invaded Japan in WWII, would it be seen as the defining US contribution to the war instead of D-day? If so, how would it be remembered?
How did Hitler help Germany out of unemployment?
Wannsee is synonymous with what WW2 event?
Could Australia have become a military power in the Pacific/SE Asia at the end of WWII?
Can someone make a legitimate argument, refuting the Holocaust happened?
Why didn't Italy commit war crimes in WW lI?
If there had been no Hitler, where would we be now in 2017?
What were the general arguments for and against using atomic bombs to end World War II?
What if Japan in WW2 attack Russia instead?
Which countries fought on both sides of the war during World War II?
Is it Holocaust denial to call people Nazis who have done nothing close to what Hitler did?
What happened to Hitler after WW2?
What is the purpose of detonating an atomic bomb? Why do those militaries make atomic bombs?
If Hitler had never existed, would the Nazi party never have existed, and WWII never have erupted?
What are some good books about U-boats with a lot of pictures and technical drawings that are available as ebook?
Had Roland Freisler survived the Second World War, would he have defended himself at Nuremberg?
Why don't the Japanese admit their war crimes to other Asian nations?
How were British RAF deserters treated during WWII? Were they executed as in WWI?
What movies are out there about the North African Campaign in WWII?
What countries benefited the most during the World Wars? What countries were harmed the most during the World Wars? Why?
If the Spitfire had not been designed, would Germany have won WWII?
If the Nazis and Japan had won WWII, would they have succeeded, or would they have even tried, to invade the US?
What are some important facts of World War 2 evacuees?
In the Western economy after WW2, which generation of people has the most luck at being the wealthiest?
Was the US Green Beret based on the beret worn by British commandos during WW11?
Why does it seem to be the case that the British Army in World War II had access to fewer submachine guns than did the Wehrmacht, the Red Army and the US Army?
Why do German people still excuse and pay to victims of Holocaust?
Why did they kill kids in the Holocaust?
In WWII, what were soldier/general/etc. ranks and what were their jobs exactly?
Did Stalin change history?
What would the repercussions have been had Nazi Germany killed a member of the British Royal Family during the Battle of Britain?
What would have happened if the totalitarian states won the WW2?
What would happen if one or more of the three superpowers transitioned their economy to a WWII-scale war economy, if they refused to explain or stop?
Did prisoners fight in WW 2?
What was General Von Manstein's attitude towards the Holocaust?
Why is the victory day celebrated on different dates?
Why did Italy have such a bad performance during WWII?
What are the best WW2 movies?
In which war were the two opposing sides more balanced, World War I or World War 2?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
What were some of the most famous female soldiers and units who fought in world war 2?
To which extent was WWII a war of resources?
Why are Serbs so obsessed with WW2 and the Ustashe?
How close was the USSR to falling during WW2?
You are assigned to kill Hitler in the most silly way possible. How would you do it?
What was Adolf Hitler’s favorite book?
Did Germany/Nazis really fight WW2 alone, nearly defeating the entire world?
Did the Confederacy kill more Americans than the Nazis did?
Did more people die in the Holodomor than the Holocaust?
Did the Germans know about the English Channel fuel line and Operation Pluto during WW2 and did they try to stop it?
Was the Manchurian offensive the primary reason Japan surrendered to the allies?
What would you do if you time-traveled back in WW2 and you took over the place of Hitler (and ruled Germany at that time)?
Is the plot of The Man in the High Castle a possible scenario, if WWII had ended with the Axis powers winning?
How did Bolshevism benefit from outside influence during WWI?
How did Hitler’s promised jobs help him to rise to power?
How was Rommel an excellent general and person?
Was killing Admiral Yamamoto justified?
What did Hitler say about the Yalta Conference?
Could Andrew Jackson have prevented WWII?
What if Poland had modern day US weapons during WWII?
What impact did French leaders have in WWII?
How would WWII have been different if the US had B-36s?
Do you have photos of a stuka with his 1000kg bomb?
If Hitler hadn't invaded Russia, would he have won WWII?
What would have happened if Nazi Germany had invaded France before Poland?
Why did the US not have a separate branch for their air force during World War Two?
What is a summary (short or long) of WW2 tanks?
How would Operation Barbarossa have turned out if no countries other than Nazi Germany and Russia had been involved?
Why do most people ignore that during WW2, more Jews were saved in France than in any other Nazi-occupied country?
Did France, Germany, and Russia pat the USA’s back after WW2?
What would have happened if Hitler had sent his tanks to destroy the BEF forces trying to evacuate from Dunkirk, instead of just relying on aircraft?
What do you think was the best tank of WW2?
How did Vasily Chuikov contribute during WWII?
During the Second World War (WWII), did the Allies have a plan B if the Normandy landings turned pear-shaped? Would they have nuked Berlin?
What would FDR think of all the war profiteering in the US with the giant defense contractors like Lockheed, how did he prevent it in WW2?
Did any survivors of Nazi death camps get compensated or apologized to?
Why did the Allies not just continue to invade through Italy instead of Normandy?
Can the US return to the "post WWII" level of success?
What did the Germans use to take over Poland?
Who were some philosophers during the world wars, what did they do?
If you could name only one country that defeated fascism in the Second World War, which country would you name?
How many people of Japanese descent died in internment camps during World War 2?
Was Australia attacked during the World Wars?
Why did the piston aircraft engines in World War II need more horsepower, if what they needed to do was just spin the blade?
Why did Britain and France join WW2?
What would happen if USA used an atomic bomb against Soviet Union in WWII?
Why did Hitler believe that he could win over everybody (England, USA, France, and Russia) in WWII? Didn't he realize that he would eventually lose?
If you went back in time to 1935 and gave the Nazi army an Ar-15 and 30 rounds to design the gun around how would the war turn out?
What happened to Rommel after WW2?
The archipelago of Hawaii goes back in time 75 years from 6 December 2016. What's next?
Are the French Resistance fighters of WWII underappreciated?
What did the Germans think of the P-51?
If you saw an innocent baby Hitler, would you kill him?
Could the League of Nations stop Hitler?
Why was Germany divided into two countries after WW2?
Did the French have an opportunity to prematurely end WW2 during the Saar Offensive?
What went on behind the scenes in the Japanese goverment while the atomic bombs were being dropped? Why didn’t they surrender after the first bomb?
Were all generals who were tried at the Nuremberg trials actually guilty?
How did the Allies and Axis view the Americans in WWII?
In Nazi Germany what were some examples of women's jobs?
How well would Japan's army (from WWII) fare against China in 2017?
Was the invasion of Normandy done to stop the Russians from capturing Western Europe?
Would the Polish paratroopers deployed at Arnhem had made a difference had they been instead deployed in the Warsaw Uprising?
Why did the US choose to fight in Korea, when we didn’t in Germany?
How long did it take for the Nazi to leave Poland?
Did Hitler prevent crime in Germany while in power?
Did Winston Churchill know about the use of drugs in the German Army in WW2?
How well did collaborators in Paris live during the Nazi occupation compared to how well they lived prior to the fall of France?
With all the deaths in WWII, has the world population recovered?
Why did some SS units kept fighting even after the death of Hitler?
How did World War I era Germans differ from World War II ones?
Did any subject of Unit 731 survive to talk about his or her experience?
Was it in any way scientifically justifiable to kill Hitler's children on the chance that they might grow up to be like him?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers?
Was Adolf Hitler circumcised?
Should the stigma be removed from the swastika?
How did the Soviets learn about the Manhattan Project?
Which modern gun can outmatch the WW2 800mm Schwerer Gustav?
Was World War II a new pattern for how wars would be fought in the future? Why or why not?
Why did the Russians treat their fellow Slavs (the Poles) so horribly during World War 2?
If France was among the losers of the WW2, then why was SC permanent membership granted?
What should I know about the Battle of Buxar?
What was the decision process ahead of dropping the atomic bomb on Japan?
Were people of partial Jewish heritage, whom the Nazis called “Mischlings”, socially marginalised in Nazi Germany?
If there was a third world war in this decade, who would be the USA's allies? Who would side with who?
What was the ''pretext'' for Hitler's Jewish massacre?
How did 'The Hitler Youth Haircut' come back to life?
Would the Japanese have attacked the US if the Pacific Fleet had remained in San Diego?
How did the Nazis play a role in the 1948 war with the Israelis?
It's June 1st, 1944. You are in command of the German troops in France. Could you stop the D-Day landings?
Was Adolph Hitler a beast in the sack?
Did Mk IV British cruiser tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
What was the sentiment of the German people during WWII when it became obvious that the war was being lost?
What would the effects of German victory of WWI on the world today?
What does Eduard Limonov think of Adolf Hitler and Nazism?
What if the Germans had created an atom bomb before the Americans during the Second World War?
What will happen if you left the worm inside the tank in 2 weeks covered the tank with wooden lid with a hole?
Why did the Japanese lose World War II?
We have had two World Wars. Is a third possible?
Why did Germany think it could attack more than one country at a time during WW1?
What would happen if after WW2 the four zones of Germany were imperialized by the countries controlling them?
If China enters a "real" war, how does that affect the world economy?
Is there a modern successor for the Grease Gun?
Why did the Berlin Airlift begin its operations?
What were the living conditions in the German concentration camps?
How did Hitler rationalize not being Aryan?
Why did the Axis forces not attack Gibraltar?
What was the legal status of black people in Nazi Germany? Were they taken to concentration camps?
With the recent change of events, are we looking​ at World War III in the near future​?
What type of gas was used by the Nazi in the holocaust chambers?
Is it true that almost a hundred million Africans were killed by whites?
What was Hitler's objective for invading North Africa?
Have Hitler's bones ever been DNA tested to prove they are really from Hitler?
Is it true that power and money are the sources of the wars and conflicts which have been happening in this world?
How do German students feel when they are learning WW1 and WW2?
Can anyone compare military strength of Britain before and after WW2?
Can a non-Jewish person that feels traumatized by the Holocaust be entitled to be compensated by Germany?
Did Americans plunder Italian art treasures in WW2?
Did the USA send paratroopers during WW 2 to fight in the winter?
Had Hitler withdrawn from most of northern France, giving it to Vichy, would it have helped him to win the war (by freeing men to the east, etc.)?
How did the Germans lose in World War II?
Why do many Eastern Europeans dislike Stalin even though he defeated Nazi Germany and helped millions of Russians escape serfdom with communism?
What are some of the weird weapons and equipment from World War I you find interesting?
If Hitler had been successful in Case Blue, would he have won the war?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1300-HP Kinsei 54 double row radial engine?
What’s the use of tying a bandage around the stock of a rifle? Why do people do that?
If there had been no WW2, what would be the economic and military strength of Japan and Germany today?
How do you feel about the Trump administration bringing up stuff about Nazi Germany?
What is the world and life?
Were the soldiers of WWII better trained, because they couldn't rely on technology as much?
Were there many soldiers in World War 1 and World War 2 who served on different sides because they changed their citizenship?
Do most Afghans think the US was a foreign invader trying to conquer them during the War on Terror in 2001-2014?
Could Germany have defeated Russia in WW2 if Stalin had been assassinated by a Russian?
Why didn't Japan try to force or threaten invasion for food and oil from the USSR, to avoid being forced to attack America?
If nuclear weapons were invented earlier, would World War 2 have ended earlier?
What did Hitler think of Stalin’s great purge and the Katyn massacre?
Were there any Japanese soldiers who served in WW1 and emigrated and fought Japanese soldiers in WW2?
Had the world community let Japan keep its SE Asian conquests plus the island nations, would it still have started a war with the USA back in 1941?
Why was the defeat of fascism in World War II enough to eradicate fascist ideology altogether (at least eradicate it as a legitimate regime option)?
What would have been the outcome had Roosevelt not given in to Stalin's territorial demands after WWII?
What would have happened if Hitler joined the Allies and Churchill joined the Axis?
When was the Scorched Earth Policy implemented in Russia?
Why is the history of WW2 taught in vastly greater detail than WW1 in the American high school curriculum? Is this a global trend?
What are some unbelievable drugs that were used at the time of World War 2?
Would it have made a difference if the German war economy was geared into total war at the start of World War Two like Speer implemented in 1942/1943?
Was Himmler scared of Hitler?
Who killed more people, Nazis or communists?
How do you explain that it’s only after WW2 that UFOlogy has appeared?
How bad were the losses in the Royal Navy in WWII?
Will the US ever be more liberal like the rest of Europe after WW2 or will it take a similar event?
How does the world perceive about the Philippines' war on drugs?
Is Hitler a pure blood German?
Is there a detailed list of Chinese national treasures looted by Japan during World War II? Will they be returned?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers during WW2?
How much money did America lend the Soviet Union during World War Two?
How did the history of middle ages Swiss mercenaries help Switzerland become rich and neutral in the wars that followed?
When was the British and Chinese war, and what we're the important events during it?
Why did the Allied Navy fight in the Java Sea in February 1942?
Is it true that there were still Jews living as civilians in Berlin at the end of WW2? If so, how?
Which division is the better SS or SAS?
During the era when the U.S. had a military draft, were volunteers and conscripts treated differently?
Why did Hitler kill so many people?
How do WWII-era flak rounds from an AA piece work?
How much is a WW2 MG42 sight worth?
How strong is the Japanese Army?
What was the evolution of the official numbers of the Holocaust since 1945 until now?
How did World War I era German helmets differ from World War II ones?
If Nazi Germany didn't start WW2 and decided to be another European country, would National Socialism still exist in Germany today?
Will San Francisco be like what The Man in the High Castle has predicted if Japan really had won WWII?
In what document/source does the US call Germany the "great(er) evil"?
Would Martin Bormann have been tried at Nuremberg if he had survived the war? Would he have been convicted, based on the available evidence?
What was the US policy in the event of a German invasion of Great Britain in 1940?
Did the US M41 Walker Bulldog fight Tiger tanks in WW2?
Where can I find a summary of Operation Spring in WW2?
When will Germans get over their Nazi/WW2 guilt? It's been over 70 years, but “don't mention the war" still seems to be a thing.
Do American soldiers sometimes get special treatment due to fear of the U.S. when they are captured by enemies, as compared to other countries’ soldiers?
How could it have been possible for the SS to have used Zyklon-B to gas the Jews in WW-II?
Could a WW2 air crew hear their bombs explode when they hit?
What are some good histories of the role of finance in war?
Could we avoid a nuclear World War by giving a key to each member of the UN, and requiring a majority vote in order to use them?
What would the Russians have done to Hitler if they caught him?
Why was the bouncing bomb only used once?
Could WW2 have been won without the US?
Were there soldiers that were known to not mind killing and as a result sent on numerous tours? Are these veterans usually open and verbose about it?
How many Pakistani soldiers die in a year?
Why didn't the Soviet IS-7 tank enter production and service with the Red Army?
Were there any German prosecutors during the Nuremberg trials?
Did Sherman tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
What do Turks think about Hitler?
Who was the better general and why, MacArthur or Patton?
Why did the British destroy the Dublin GPO during the Easter Uprising?
Why did the inventors of the atomic bomb called the bombs Little and Fat Man? In what way was the nicknames for the atomic bomb different from what those names described?
What is a good book about the Nazi invasion and occupation of France, Belgium, and the Netherlands?
What was it like to have sex with Hitler?
What is the most recently declassified information about World War II?
How are large caliber anti-aircraft guns aimed?
Why did the US bomb Japan in WWII instead of invading mainland Japan?
Let's say Russia invades eastern Germany. How many Germans will be happy?
What was the battle of Kursk?
The year is 1933, and you are Il Duce. War in 1939 is inevitable. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis to win the war?
Should people still be thankful for the US helping or liberating them in World War II? After all, it's more than 70 years ago.
Why does nobody realize that Hitler escaped and founded KFC?
During World War I, did the French Foreign Legion fight only the Germans?
What position/job does Hitler have in WW2?
Did the Soviet Air Force play a large role in World War II?
How were World War I veterans treated in the Soviet Union, after the Russian Civil War?
What would've happened to Finland if the Soviet Union had won the Winter War?
How were the communications technology in tanks and aircraft during WW1?
Were there any German army groups which never surrendered?
Where could I find statistics on German and Soviet tank production during World War II (specifically on the Eastern Front)?
How did Italians treat Jews at World War II?
Is it Adolf Hitler or Adolph Hitler? Are they the same person?
Was it peaceful between WWI and WWII?
Was Adolph Hitler a bear or a twink?
Was Pan-Germanism part of the ideology of the Nazi Party?
How would the world be different if the UK had allied with Germany during WW2?
Why didn't the Japanese destroy the Panama Canal after Pearl Harbor to delay reinforcements from the Atlantic?
What if Charles I of Spain had never split Spain and the HRE and allowed Phillip II to inherit it all?
During World War II, did some soldiers automatically enter the army as officers? What qualified a soldier to get this rank?
Why did Japan attack the U.S.A in WW1?
How dangerous is war for civilians?
How hard was it to emigrate from the Soviet Union before World War II?
Why didn't Hitler make peace with Stalin when he was losing the war?
If Napoleon Bonaparte lived in Adolf Hitler’s era and France was threatened by him, what would he do then?
Why was Nazi Germany so hard to defeat?
Where does Marine Le Pen really stand with regards to French participation in sending Jews to the concentration camps?
What was the Japanese economic policy in WW1, the interwar period and WW2?
What is the story of Hitler?
Is a world war guaranteed this century?
What was the relationship between Japan and Australia pre-World War II?
What would have happened if Stalin had captured the entire Nazi Germany in 1945?
What changes were made in the UK after the second world war?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
What would a US carrier group do if they detected two World War 2 ships battling it out?
How did the death of Isoroku Yamamoto affect the Japanese forces other than morale loss?
What's the difference between the SS, the SD and the Gestapo, and what did they do?
Why did China participate in WWII?
How did the German people feel about the persecution of the "undesirables" prior to World War 2?
How come the US didn't send troops to the Soviet Union during World War II after Nazi Germany invaded?
Which was the most successful tank of the Second World War?
Why did Adolf Hitler burn the Jews?
How were shell cases recycled in WW II, and was it the standard?
Was there any hostility between China and Korea before WWII?
How have industries like Coca-Cola and Hollywood helped the USA become sympathetic towards the rest of the world?
Why were Soviet troops looking for scientists near the end of WW2?
How useful would dive bombers and ground attack aircraft from the Second World War be in the War on Terror?
If Japan invents time travel today, what could they possibly do to prevent the occurrence of catastrophic nuclear attacks in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How did diplomats travel during the Second World War?
What would the world be like if Nazi Germany simply settled with taking over all of Europe?
Is Arizona State University’s mascot Sparky the Sun Devil a World War II-era Japanese stereotype?
Was the Third Reich a version of Plato's Republic?
In what way was the Nazi Party incorporated into the German state following its transition into a single-party dictatorship?
What if Italy won the First Isonzo battle?
When the US cancelled the debt of Europe and Britain after WW2, how did the creditors get compensated?
Were there Americans who objected to the USA going to war with Japan after Pearl Harbor?
What was the Battle of Berlin?
Did the Japanese have their own SS units in World War 2 like Germany (excluding Unit 731)?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1560-HP Kinsei 62 double row radial engine?
Which major European country did Japan defeat in 1905?
What is the impact of the OSS in World War II?
How many submariners were there in the Royal Navy in WWII and how many were killed?
What would have happened if Gandhi was the leader of Britain during WW2?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in the Second World War never exploded?
How did Hitler's childhood shape the person he eventually became?
When Hindenburg appointed Hitler Chancellor in 1933, did he foresee how destructive Hitler would be?
What are the books to read about the First and the Second World Wars?
Could the Battle of Britain have been prevented?
Why were linguists employed in cryptographic units in WW2?
What was happening in Israel during the mass slaughter of Jews during the rule of Hitler?
What did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have in common?
If the tables were turned, and the Jews were the ones that had the capability to save Poles from the death camps, how do you think they would act?
In WW2, why did Japan go into other Asian countries?
If Stalin proposed peace to the Germans a few times (1943 and early 1944), what were the Soviets’ demands (concessions or annexations)?
If WW1 and WW2 were fought without weaponry, who would win?
Did Russians have to balance a sense of patriotism with a distaste for their own government after Hitler attacked them?
Why did Gandhi support the British during the World War though he was himself a supporter of nonviolence?
Was it possible for Japan to win the World War 2?
Churchill fought hard to keep France involved in the victory talks at top table after Germany's WWII surrender. Why are they so rude about Brits?
How did Hitler rationalize not being Aryan?
Who were the main Axis powers?
Where did Holocaust survivors decide to live after the end of the war? How did they live?
How could the people in Germany during World War 2 tolerate the deaths of innocent people?
Was the Ponte Vecchio the only bridge over the river Arno left standing after WWII?
What is the official name for the American landing on mainland Japan during WW2?
What do you think of the theory that Stalin was planning to attack Hitler as proposed by Viktor Suvorov?
Are there any WW2 weapons that are in mint condition?
Were any Allied personnel held to account for the fire bombing of Tokyo and Dresden? If not, should they have been?
Did the USA send paratroopers during WW 2 to fight in the winter?
How much leave did the German soldiers get towards the end of WW2 when they were getting harassed from all sides?
During the war, civilians running away from the war zone have been shelled by the artillery. Is this acceptable?
In which of the World Wars did the soldiers have the best morale initially?
How did the United States end World War II in the Pacific?
To what extent shall a population be made responsible of a failed policy of its leader?
Did Philippe Petain speak German?
If you could go back in time and push a button which would kill double the amount of Germans that died in WW2 but would prevent WW2 would you push it?
Why didn't the Allies invade the German Baltic Sea Coast or North Sea Coast in both WW1 and WW2?
What is the most similar event to World War 2 in world history?
What was the Italian submarine service like during WW2?
Had the tables been turned, do you think the Jewish could have done exactly what the Nazis have done to them during the Holocaust?
What would have happened if France and the United Kingdom hadn't declared war on Germany in retaliation for its invasion of Poland?
How bad were the losses in the Royal Navy in WWII?
What was life really like in Switzerland during World War II?
Did any American ever fight on the Eastern Front during World War 2?
Did World War II happen because of miscommunication? If so, how?
Was there any real alternative to the Hiroshima bombing? Was Harry Truman solely responsible for this unparalleled disregard for civilian life?
How much money did America lend the Soviet Union during World War Two?
When was the British and Chinese war, and what we're the important events during it?
Did the Jews who escaped to Jamaica during WW2 stay there after the war?
Why did World War II German light cruisers have twice as many guns at the rear of the ship as at the front?
How many people were killed in the Holocaust overall?
What made Germans want to follow Hitler and the Nazis?
How did Japan benefit by handing over prisoners of war for the Indian National Army during the Second World War?
Why was it such a big deal at the end of the war in the Nuremberg trials that the Nazis executed Soviet commisars when many of them were just as bad?
How were Germans sentenced to death during the Nuremberg Trials?
Who was better educated, Hitler or Stalin?
What would have happened if Hitler succeeded in capturing (or killing) all allied forces that were evacuated at Dunkirk?
Apart from world war friendship, what makes German and Japan best in technology like automobile?
Was Mussolini forced to be Hitler's ally?
Considering that Germany merely controls the world using the EU instead of the Third Reich, did Hitler basically win?
Why was the bouncing bomb only used once?
Who were the losers and winners of the Second World War?
Was the Japanese declaration of war supposed to arrive before the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Did the Allies attack Austria in WWII?
Why were the Yugoslav Partisans so successful in World War II?
What would happen if George Patton's plan to go to war with the Soviet Union was carried out?
How good were the British during WW2?
Why did the Soviet Army burn down their own fields and villages?
What was Hitler's critical mistakes that lead to the successful allied evacuation of Dunkirk?
Why did India participate in World War II?
Which countries fought on both sides of the war during World War II?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
In WW2 did normal people do bad things or were bad people give more power?
Should people still be thankful for the US helping or liberating them in World War II? After all, it's more than 70 years ago.
How did a small, landlocked, neutral Switzerland manage to obtain food during both World Wars?
What did America know or suspect of Japanese plans to attack Pearl Harbor or other US territories prior to December 7, 1941?
What would happen if you had mentally challenged children during WWII?
What are some trials and tribulations that people go through, that inspires others to stay motivated?
Why did they kill kids in the Holocaust?
Were North Indians considered Aryans by Hitler?
What East European country was most anti-Semitic in the Second World War?
Did Japan ever come close to invading Australia during World War 2?
How dangerous is war for civilians?
What was the effectiveness of the German surface fleet in WW2 compared to the U-boat fleet and which was more vital to the war effort?
Can France be blamed for World War II?
How could WW2 escort fighters match enemy interceptors that didn't need as much fuel?
How did the death of Isoroku Yamamoto affect the Japanese forces other than morale loss?
What would have happened if Hitler declared victory in Europe, and did not attack Britain?
If Hitler hadn't invaded Russia, would he have won WWII?
Why did Adolf Hitler burn the Jews?
Are there any London WWII evacuees alive?
How long would Nazism have lasted in Germany without WW2 and the Lebensraum policy?
Can the US return to the "post WWII" level of success?
What role did the French military play in World War 2?
Could Germany have won World War 2 if Hitler wasn't in charge?
If Japan invents time travel today, what could they possibly do to prevent the occurrence of catastrophic nuclear attacks in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Are there any notable Japanese who are against the Yasukuni Shrine and truly apologetic for WW2?
Why did the piston aircraft engines in World War II need more horsepower, if what they needed to do was just spin the blade?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the MP40 or the Tommy Gun?
Why did the United States support French control of Vietnam after World War II?
What went on behind the scenes in the Japanese goverment while the atomic bombs were being dropped? Why didn’t they surrender after the first bomb?
Did the Japanese have their own SS units in World War 2 like Germany (excluding Unit 731)?
In WW2 ,why didn't the imperial Japanese army attack the Soviets at the same time of the German operation (Barbarossa)?
Why did Soviet soldiers treat occupied states so poorly, even those who weren't aligned with the Axis?
How did World War II change foreign policy?
Have you visited any World War 2 battle site in the South Pacific such as Guadalcanal, New Britain, or Bougainville?
How well did collaborators in Paris live during the Nazi occupation compared to how well they lived prior to the fall of France?
Why did FDR ask Stalin to break the Non-aggression Pact and attack Japan if he knew the US was going to succeed in the atomic bomb development?
Why didn't Hitler try to capture Gibraltar?
Since so many soldiers died in WWI/II, if they had never happened would the nations’ militaries be much, much bigger (since 30+ million died)?
If you could go back in time to a pivotal moment in history, e.g. the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and you had a chance to stop it, would you change history and all that follows, or let it be?
Was Adolf Hitler circumcised?
What other cities beside Leningrad were besieged by the Germans in WW2?
What would have happened if the US had not dropped the atomic bombs on Japan?
Was it possible for Nazi Germany to ally with the USSR?
Did the UK give up its empire because after WW2 it could no longer economically afford it?
Why were the Wehrmacht so surprised about the weather in Barbarossa, if the the German winters are often very harsh too?
What role did UN played in preventing any war after WW2?
What would have happened if the British Empire had joined Germany in World War Two?
How intelligent was Theodor Morell? Was he sabotaging Hitlers plans? Or was he genuinely trying to help Hitler with his cause?
How strong was the US Navy power in the Atlantic in WW2?
How many fleet battle carriers did the U.S. lose in World War II?
Imagine yourself as a German around the time of WWII. You listen to Hitler's speeches. Do you join the Nazis?
Why was air cover not able to destroy the German beach defences during the Omaha landings?
What are some examples of WW2 propaganda posters with their explanation?
What if the Acropolis of Athens had been devastated during WII bombardments?
What effect did WWII have on Russia population-wise?
Which world war was most significant for Canada?
If the ME 262 was perfected earlier, would it have changed the war?
From the German opposing military perspective, who was the best general they fought against? Montgomery, Patton, Zhukov, etc in WWII?
What are some interesting myths/propaganda from the Axis about the Allies?
If I bought a painting stolen from a Jewish owner in WW2, why should I give it back?
Did Americans plunder Italian art treasures in WW2?
Is current Germany as powerful as Nazi Germany was?
How did the Germans lose in World War II?
If Hitler had invaded the Soviet Union immediately after Poland and concentrated all of Germany’s efforts towards it, could he have prevailed?
Could Hitler win if he never attacked USSR and USSR never attacked them?
Where did soldiers buy knives during WWII?
How do the Germans look back at WW2 in the present day?
How might history differ if the USA only retaliated against Japan in WW2 and not entered Europe?
What were Hitler's views on the other individual races of the world?
Could Switzerland have successfully resisted a Nazi invasion in the 1940s?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
Would a world war have come in the 20th Century anyways regardless of the rise of Nazi Germany?
How do the Poles feel today about the various British and French betrayals in 1939 and in 1945?
What happened to Berlin after WW2?
Was there a time in WW2 that the Americans and regular German army fought together against the SS?
Why didn't Nazi Germany invade Pakistan?
Were there any Japanese soldiers who served in WW1 and emigrated and fought Japanese soldiers in WW2?
Did the British people in WWII really go to prison for not finishing all the food on their plates?
Did Turkey support Nazi Germany and Hitler?
What if Stalin had been overthrown by his own people during World War 2 and they had surrendered to the Axis?
Did the allies commit any large scale war crimes in WWII?
Do you think that Trump's administration major public policies slightly resemble those that Hitler implemented during the Third Reich of Germany?
Were there any LRDG-type troops in Italy in WW2?
Was Stalin actually considering an armistice with Hitler if a second front was not opened up in 1944 and would Hitler have accepted it? What happens?
What was the last Nazi concentration camp to be liberated?
Which year were the Nazis at their most evil?
Did the Japanese fleet bound for Pearl Harbor encounter any foreign vessels en route to their attack?
If the Japanese and/or the Germans had have won WW2 and defeated America, would they have had the resources to occupy the US?
What do you think should be done so that Western countries properly commemorate the USSR's massive sacrifice to defeat Nazi Germany?
Are bystanders more sadistic than the bully?
How did Australians serve Australia by fighting for the British in Gallipoli and elsewhere in World War 2?
Which division is the better SS or SAS?
Were there any Jewish people left in East Germany (The GDR) after WW2 and during the Cold War?
What is a realistic way the Nazis could have won WWII?
What happened with the best and the most experienced Wehrmacht or SS soldiers after the WW2? Did some of them become mercenaries in other wars?
With the Jewish population halved in WWII, was their repatriation to occupied Palestine ideal, given the arability of the land and history of disputes?
Were the western allies on the wrong side of WWII?
Will San Francisco be like what The Man in the High Castle has predicted if Japan really had won WWII?
What were Hitler’s favorite shows?
You are the leader of Germany in spring 1943. What do you do to ensure Germany does not fall? You can't win but the Allies have no A-Bomb.
Where can I find a summary of Operation Spring in WW2?
What if WW2 continued into 1945 and 1946?
What do Turks think about Hitler?
What was the aftermath of Stalingrad?
How long would it take for Japan to surrender if operation downfall was a go?
Was the shape of the Atom bombs in WWII purely pragmatic, or did they have a theatrical aspect to them?
Why did the US bomb Japan in WWII instead of invading mainland Japan?
Let's say Russia invades eastern Germany. How many Germans will be happy?
What happened to important Austrians after it was annexed by Germany in 1938?
Why did the Nazis choose Madagaskar to exile European Jewish people and why not choose Cyprus?
How were British RAF deserters treated during WWII? Were they executed as in WWI?
Would World War 2 have had a different course if Hitler knew more about history?
How were World War I veterans treated in the Soviet Union, after the Russian Civil War?
Would 2 M1A1 Abrams be enough to win the WW2 battles for the Americans?
Why did the USSR wait until after the atom bomb to invade Manchuria? Why didn't it invade earlier?
Why did the allies win World War I?
How many German officers continued to serve in the army after WWII?
Why does Field Marshall Erwin Rommel have a better reputation in the modern world than other contemporary Nazi leaders?
Did Stalin change history?
What would possibly have happened if the Japanese had won at Midway and had captured the Hawaiian Islands?
What if Argentina and Brazil had joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
Given the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact between Stalin and Hitler, why didn't that eventually translate into an Axis alliance with Italy and Japan?
What would the repercussions have been had Nazi Germany killed a member of the British Royal Family during the Battle of Britain?
Just like the allies that landed on normandy, if Nazis had landed on England, what would have happened?
Was it humane by the Germans to shoot the wounded Americans in Saving Private Ryan?
Who were the most prolific and decorated airmen in World War II?
Is the French-German border the same today as it was in 1939 (before WW2)?
What happened in Oradour-Sur-Glane, France in 1944?
How did the economic recovery of Germany and Japan after World War II affect the United States?
What are some unknown stories of WW2?
Did Germany/Nazis really fight WW2 alone, nearly defeating the entire world?
What would have happened if Stalin had captured the entire Nazi Germany in 1945?
Why are the Germans so liberal these days?
Was support for Nazism greater in Austria than in Germany during the Second World War?
How did Hitler’s promised jobs help him to rise to power?
If the M3 Stuart battled against the Japanese Ha Go tank who would win (Referencing the Philippine defence during WW2)?
What if Poland had been an ally of Germany during WW 2?
How would WW2 have played out had Germany successfully blocked the evacuation of Dunkirk?
During recon operations in WW2, how did recon vehicles avoid getting spotted and easily destroyed by an antitank cannon/tank?
What would have happened if Hitler had sent his tanks to destroy the BEF forces trying to evacuate from Dunkirk, instead of just relying on aircraft?
What was the capture of German Samoa?
Why was Hitler such a Nazi?
Are Europeans ingrates towards Britain, considering it entered both World Wars for their benefit?
Why did the Germans in World War 2 have more advanced weapons, tanks, and other things?
Why did Hitler believe that he could win over everybody (England, USA, France, and Russia) in WWII? Didn't he realize that he would eventually lose?
Why did Hitler decide to have an armed wing of the SS (Waffen) in parallel to the Wehrmacht?
What happened to Rommel after WW2?
Are the French Resistance fighters of WWII underappreciated?
What if Italy won the First Isonzo battle?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
Could the Nazis have developed an intelligence agency in 1933 which would've help them win the war? If yes, how?
What happened to Hitler's relatives after World War II?
Did Hitler prevent crime in Germany while in power?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
What precisely were the British and French war aims in September 1939?
Were the Waffen-SS soldiers really war criminals?
Could the USSR have faced the Germans, without the resources sent by the West?
What if Italy had competent generals in WW2?
Who played the parts of Japanese soldiers in American WWII films, during that conflict?
Was World War II a new pattern for how wars would be fought in the future? Why or why not?
Were people of partial Jewish heritage, whom the Nazis called “Mischlings”, socially marginalised in Nazi Germany?
Why did the Axis underestemate the power of the Allies in WW2?
Why aren't we as horiffied by the North Korean prison camps as we are by the concentration camps in World War 2?
How did the Americans and British view each other during the inter-war years?
Can you sort Mussolini, Horthy, Philippe Pétain, Quisling, Tsar Boris, Francisco Franco, Mannerheim and Antonescu by their level of antisemitism?
What/when was Germany's last chance to win WW2?
How did Hitler’s army deal with killing innocent Jews?
What Jewish artists did Hitler hate most?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
Why did the Axis forces not attack Gibraltar?
Why didn’t the Doolittle Raiders land in the Soviet Union?
What US National Guard unit saw the most combat in World War II?
Why didn't the RAF up gun their WW2 heavy bombers .303 gun turrets to cannon or even .5 machine guns? Their fighter opponents were armed with cannons.
What is the most anti Semitic quote by Heinrich Himmler?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
What similarities does our present society and politics share with that of pre-World War 2 society and politics?
Do we still find traces of War on Omaha beach?
What was Hitler's objective for invading North Africa?
Which nation did the most in defeating the Axis Powers in World War 2?
What were the main causes of World War 1 and 2?
If World War 2 hadn't taken place, what differences would we see today?
Why did the US invade the Philippines instead of Taiwan in 1944? Airports in Taiwan made it possible to bomb mainland Japan.
What was the alleged Allied planned fate for Adolf Hitler had he been captured alive?
Could an M4 Sherman make for a good hull-mounted SPG/TD?
Where did the US planes come from that bombed Laoag, Philippines on October 18-20, 1944 during WW2?
What are the similarities of the growing police state in the United States and Nazi Germany during World War II?
Were there many soldiers in World War 1 and World War 2 who served on different sides because they changed their citizenship?
How quick could a blitzkrieg be in WW2?
If we gave Germans in 1941 the modern weapons the US has today (except nuclear bombs), would they have won the war?
What WW2 US and British tank did the Nazis fear the most/have the biggest "fear factor"?
How is World War Two taught in Japan?
Could a plane like the BV238 launch fighters like the FW-190?
What if Japan did more damage at Pearl Harbor?
It's 1934, you're President of Mexico and joined the Axis. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy would you use to help the Axis win the war?
Did Hitler ever say anything about Nazism rising again?
Who was responsible for the Katyn massacre, the Nazis or the Soviets?
Did the super KV2 actually exist?
The Philippines was regarded as the second most industrious nation in East Asia post WWII, next to Japan, what happened?
How did the US and USSR go from allies during World War 2 to enemies on the brink of nuclear destruction during the Cold War?
What is the truth about Nazism? What was the Third Reich?
What did the Nazis think of the British, the US and the Russian military tactics and discipline?
Would the Germans who put up incredible resistance on D-Day have stopped the landings had their Panzers arrived?
Was General Eisenhower ever punished for the inhuman treatment he gave to 700,000 German POWs at the end of WWII?
What derogatory terms did Russians use for Germans during World War II?
Why do we complain about Nazis rather than Socialists, since Stalin killed way more people than Hitler did?
In an all-out brawl between World War 2 light tanks, which country would win?
Would Martin Bormann have been tried at Nuremberg if he had survived the war? Would he have been convicted, based on the available evidence?
How was the Muslim world divided before WW2?
Why was the aluminium from wrappers collected during World War II?
How many POWs escaped from the Soviet Union after WWII?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
What would have happened if Hitler had delayed Operation Barbarossa until April or May 1942?
Why is Hitler so revered when he was a failure?
Had the Nazis won WWII, what would have happened to the Muslim world?
If the Americans came first to Berlin before the Soviets, would Hitler have not committed suicide?
How was Germany after 1945?
Why does nobody realize that Hitler escaped and founded KFC?
Would you see that a large part of the reason for why Germany lost the war was because they had to help Mussolini?
How would the best computers during WWII compare to devices today?
Did any Japanese soldiers survive the banzai charges during WW2?
Was Hitler a good, mediocre or bad army commander?
What would American and German troops do if they encountered Kranvagns and STRV-103bs on the battlefield? (WW2)
Why didn't Hitler make peace with Stalin when he was losing the war?
In which war were the two opposing sides more balanced, World War I or World War 2?
Why was Nazi Germany so hard to defeat?
Was World War II a revolution?
At the end of World War II, how did the Allies view fascist Spain?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
Why did China participate in WWII?
How long did WW2 last and why did it last for so long?
How could the Japanese have counter the "Boom and Zoom" tactics used by the P40's in China?
Did the Soviets like the lend-leased Sherman tanks from the US during WWII?
Is Einstein worse than Hitler and Stalin combined since the nuclear holocaust will kill far more combined?
Why didn’t Japan invade the USSR when the German’s were close to Moscow in 1942?
What are some facts that may change the way we view Hitler?
What did the Germans use to take over Poland?
How can the world get rid of wars?
Do you think the Hitler mustache will ever be accepted in society years from now once WWII and its generation are further back in history?
Why isn't the same mentality the Japanese soldiers had in World War II implemented in today's soldiers?
How was the US able to perfect the supply line for overseas operations in WWII but no other country could?
What would have happened if the NSDAP became a terrorist organization after the war ended in 1945?
Do you think that Germany deserved to lose territories after WW2?
What was life like in Spain during World War I and World War II?
Who had the toughest job on D-Day?
How were Wrens formed in WW2?
Were Italians as despised as Germans in post-World War II Britain?
Why didn't Hitler escape rather than committing suicide?
Are suicide attacks on military targets (like Japanese Kamikaze in WW2) war crimes?
How did World War I era Germans differ from World War II ones?
Why would police officers detain Japanese-Americans during WW2?
What effects did the British Naval blockade have on Germany and how did the German government react?
Was Adolph Hitler a beast in the sack?
Was it the Nukes that caused Japan to surrender or Russia's invasion of Manchuria?
What would be a reasonable estimate for Allied friendly-fire casualties during D-Day?
If the Japanese had invaded Macau would the Portugese end their neutrality?
Following WWII, was every German who participated in the transport and death of people to the concentration camps considered a war criminal?
Why do New Caledonia and French Polynesia remain loyal to Free French Forces despite being in the Pacific ocean during WWII ?
Why did German commanders give salutation to troops while they were passing?
If Hitler had died in 1938, would he have been remembered as the greatest or one of the greatest Germans to ever live? (I know he's Austrian.)
Why did the French return to Vietnam after WWII?
What was the legal status of black people in Nazi Germany? Were they taken to concentration camps?
How many deaths was Winston Churchill responsible for?
What were the most important locations involved with Greece during World War II?
If Nazi and USSR were socialists, why didn’t they become allies?
Did Hitler become megalomaniacal or was he megalomaniacal to begin with?
Did Hitler fail to realise he was going to trigger an arms race?
How should a modern-day person wrap their mind around why the USA needed to drop such huge bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why didn't Japan try to force or threaten invasion for food and oil from the USSR, to avoid being forced to attack America?
Was World War 1 more chaotic than World War 2?
If you were in command of the German forces in Normandy, how would you defend the beaches with the historical units available?
If the Japanese viewed Hirohito as a god, then how is it that war policy was dictated by the Imperial Japanese Army during WW2?
Do Italians know they occupied the Meditarreanian Region during the Turks' Independency War?
How long would Japan have continued WW2 if the US had followed the invasion of Okinawa with a naval blockade and not the atomic bombings?
Was there a battle at Villers-Bretonneux during the Second World War?
Why do the USA and Russia hate each other when they were united against Hitler in WW2?
When did the liberal world order start? Was it after WW II or in the 19th century Great Britain?
Where can I find a list of German Jewish WW1 veterans?
Which planes were better at destroying tanks in WW2? German or Allied?
Is it true that there were still Jews living as civilians in Berlin at the end of WW2? If so, how?
Would the Soviets still win WWII without USA leases?
If you had a everlasting smartphone with access to wikipedia, and was sent back to the start of WW2 could you help?
If Nazi Germany didn't start WW2 and decided to be another European country, would National Socialism still exist in Germany today?
Could Hindenburg have stopped Hitler in 1933?
If the soldiers of the Wehrmacht in 1939 had all been armed with H&K G3 rifles, how would that have changed the outcome of the War?
Did Britain execute deserters during WWII?
What is one thing that Hitler could've changed to win WWII?
What would have been the result of a Soviet invasion on Germany in, say, the 1950s, assuming that Germany halted its advances after France?
What was the world population before and after WWII?
How do special forces soldiers in World War 2 compare with those today?
Did Sherman tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
Why did the British destroy the Dublin GPO during the Easter Uprising?
Was Nazi Germany a success or a failure?
What is a good book about the Nazi invasion and occupation of France, Belgium, and the Netherlands?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
If there had been no Hitler, where would we be now in 2017?
Is it Holocaust denial to call people Nazis who have done nothing close to what Hitler did?
Why were there so few trenches in WW2?
What would the world be like today if Hitler was assassinated in 1940 and Rommel became the Chancellor?
Who would win between WW1 Italy and WW2 Italy?
If the Spitfire had not been designed, would Germany have won WWII?
Were pilots in World War 2 concerned about flying certain air routes over occupied Europe?
What would've happened to Finland if the Soviet Union had won the Winter War?
How were the Germans made to co-operate under WW2?
How long were the Japanese in the internment camps?
Was there any Nazi soldier who tried to save or saved some Jews? What happened to Dr. Jozef Mengele after WWII?
Did prisoners fight in WW 2?
Can the armament of a WWII-era Fletcher-class destroyer do any appreciable amount of damage to a modern coast guard vessel?
Why is the victory day celebrated on different dates?
If the scale of atrocities committed by the Japanese in WW2 surpassed what the Nazis did, why do the Nazis get more hate?
How can we end war?
Which country fought back in World War Two?
If you told the Nazis you were hiding Jews, what would happen to you?
If Napoleon Bonaparte lived in Adolf Hitler’s era and France was threatened by him, what would he do then?
Were Jewish converts to Christianity, before Nazi Germany (1800-1930), more successful academically than their Orthodox counterparts?
Why are Serbs so obsessed with WW2 and the Ustashe?
If the Côte d'Azur had been German property, would there still have been a World War I & II?
Was the nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki the noblest deeds in history?
What was the most important battle of WW2?
Was Hitler innocent according to Brits?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early ‘40s were terrifying. Why did they not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Did the Allies try to evacuate Singapore like they did Crete and Dunkirk?
The Nazi regime benefited ordinary German citizens in some ways. How were they exonerated from the devastation that Nazism caused?
To what degree did the British and Commonwealth forces fighting in Burma (1941/5) contribute to the overall defeat of Japan in WW2 ?
Were Americans during WW2 ever doubtful we would win?
What were the biggest military mistakes of all time?
What would have happened if Winston Churchill was an American?
Could someone rise to power in the U.S.A. as Hitler did in Germany? Why, or why not?
What do you think is the ultimate lesson people should remember about the Holocaust?
Why were watches not allowed during MHTCET?
Have there been massive, large scale fire bombings (such as Dresden or Tokyo) since WW2?
In WW2 , why didn't Germany have aircraft carriers? Do they have any today?
Where, and in what conditions, were the Kharkov Nazi war criminals kept in prior to trial and execution?
Which WWII fighter was overall the best: the Supermarine Spitfire or the Messerschmitt Bf109?
What did the Axis powers call the Allies?
The archipelago of Hawaii goes back in time 75 years from 6 December 2016. What's next?
Why didn't the Germans use Ardo Torpedo bombers and FW 200s to destroy British shipping?
Why was Germany divided into two countries after WW2?
What are some things that Adolf Hitler did that positively affected society back then, and even now?
Were all generals who were tried at the Nuremberg trials actually guilty?
Who were the main countries in WW2?
You've been given command of the Singapore garrison two years prior to the outbreak of WW2. What changes do you make, and can you avoid eventual defeat?
If Hitler hadn’t been a racist, would he have been a good guy?
Was Nazi Germany privy to information about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor? Was there cooperation between the Axis powers - specifically Japan?
Why did some SS units kept fighting even after the death of Hitler?
What if Hitler was a good guy?
How popular were Bodoni fonts by WWII?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers?
Why was the sign above Buchenwald different from other concentration camps?
What happened to Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the two cities that were devastated by nuclear bombs, after the war?
Did the battlegrounds of World War II recover?
How did Americans treat Japanese POWs during WW2?
How was a flak gun so effective against aircraft in WWII? Are there easy ways to shoot a moving target?
How did 'The Hitler Youth Haircut' come back to life?
What impacts did the Muslim world have as a result of World War 2?
Was there any impact of the Holocaust on Germany's chances of winning WWII?
Which is the strongest armed force in WW2?
Why did Hitler consider Slavic people to be "Asiatic"?
Was Japan restricted to develop aircraft manufacturing after WW 2?
Would Hitler still have committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviet Union?
How did Hitler help India?
Would Nazi Germany have risen to power if Hitler had gotten into art school?
How can I be like Hitler?
With the recent change of events, are we looking​ at World War III in the near future​?
What organization was dedicated to solving problems peacefully after WWII and one that still exists today?
After all the 'secrecy' of the Normandy landings, were the Allied ships attacked by the Luftwaffe? How could they miss the Armada?
Were the Russians just as ruthless towards the Jews as the Nazis?
If there was no WWII, would US women's economic role/labor force participation have developed more slowly in history?
Did Truman drop the atomic bombs to "impress" the Soviets?
If FDR had still been the president at the end of WW2, would he have made Britain pay back their war debt as he clearly wanted to back Britain in the war?
Whom would the title of Führer have gone to after Hitler's death?
What is the world and life?
What would happen during World War 2 if Emperor Hirohito was killed during a bombing raid?
Do most Afghans think the US was a foreign invader trying to conquer them during the War on Terror in 2001-2014?
What was the role of Benito Mussolini in WW2?
How long will the Third Reich, aka the European Union, last?
What are some unbelievable drugs that were used at the time of World War 2?
Was Himmler scared of Hitler?
What is a night fighter in WW2 terms?
What would the effect be if we replaced both bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki with two Tsar Bombas?
Would Poland be better off today with pre-WWII borders?
What would have been more useful to win World War 2: a WW2 historian, a modern armored division, or a modern aircraft carrier?
What was the United States' president contribution during WW2?
Would someone compare the bomb loads of World War 2 bombers to modern-day bombers?
Why haven't France and Britain paid Poland reparations for their betrayal of Poland during World War 2?
What if, during the Holocaust, the roles were swapped?
If WWII was a free for all, which nation would’ve won?
What do you think about Serbia in WWII?
What was the clothing like in World War 2?
What events made a Christmas truce memorable during World War 1 & 2?
How would World War II have played out if Henry Wallace had been elected Vice President in 1944 instead of Harry S. Truman?
What are the similarities and differences between WW2 Stalingrad (Nazis vs Soviet) and Mosul (ISIS vs Iraq) today?
Why is Alan Turing not mentioned in my Modern World History textbook?
Who is your favorite WWII leader and why?
How come the U.S. never really bothered to develop a heavy tank in numbers like they did with the M4 during WW2?
Will it take another world war for tax rates on the rich to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
What are some jokes that soldiers told about the different armed forces from around the world - in WWII?
What was the point of Kamikazes in the Pacific front during WW2?
Were there soldiers that were known to not mind killing and as a result sent on numerous tours? Are these veterans usually open and verbose about it?
Could an atomic bomb in 1945 theoretically have been fitted onto a V-2 rocket?
How did the Allies "denazify" Germany? Everyone was brainwashed.
What 4 nations held control of Berlin and Germany at the end of WW2?
Why didn't Italy commit war crimes in WW lI?
Without the 2 front war could Germany win WW2?
The year is 1933, and you are Il Duce. War in 1939 is inevitable. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis to win the war?
What are some good books about U-boats with a lot of pictures and technical drawings that are available as ebook?
Why is the era after WWII associated with nuclear warfare?
Was the US Green Beret based on the beret worn by British commandos during WW11?
In WW2 why didn't U boats just gang up on convoys?
Is it accurate that Hitler's generals advised him, Germany would not be ready for war until 1946?
What if Charles I of Spain had never split Spain and the HRE and allowed Phillip II to inherit it all?
Why did the Italian military act so cowardly in WWII?
What would have happened if the USA had not entered WWII against Germany?
To what degree did World War 2 significantly change the lives of American women?
How much did Norwegians cooperate with Nazi Germany?
What benefit would the Allies of World War II gain for fabricating the Holocaust? (I don't deny the Holocaust and I am not a Nazi.)
Was Germany a backward country before Hitler?
If a German and Japanese from early 1942 time traveled to the present day, would they believe they won the war?
If Japan didn't use suicide charging as a war tactic during WW2, how would the Pacific theater change?
Where can I find cheap World War 2 replicas?
Why did Adolf Hitler join the German Army?
Who is the most prolific writer of war stories?
What would have happened if Nazi Germany had invaded France before Poland?
Why were Joseph Stalin and Chiang Kai-shek enemies?
How did Vasily Chuikov contribute during WWII?
If Hitler had won World War II, would Germany have become the language that English is now? Would Japan have many more anime and manga fans?
What was Japan's reaction to Germany's defeat during WWII?
What if the Beer Hall Putsch had succeeded? Would Hitler have gained power in 1923?
How long were prisoners in concentration camps permitted to sleep?
What was the best French tank in World War 2?
Is Arizona State University’s mascot Sparky the Sun Devil a World War II-era Japanese stereotype?
Would it have been better if the USA made a temporary alliance with Nazi Germany to fight the Soviet Union?
What was the worst decision Hitler made during World War 2?
Did World War 2 accelerate the British movement to decolonize?
What are some subheadings for the topic Hitler as a cause for WW2? E.g., Treaty of Versailles, etc.
Why wasn’t Hirohito hanged for crimes against humanity?
How is Atwater prison camp?
Why did World War II start? Who won it? Can you give insights or give references?
If Britain was communist, would that mean that Nazi Germany had invaded Britain successfully instead of the USSR?
Should today’s Germans feel guilty for their WW2 history?
Why did US soldiers rape French women when they were their allies in World War II?
How can the events of World War Two be briefly summarized?
How did the Soviets learn about the Manhattan Project?
Why did the Russians treat their fellow Slavs (the Poles) so horribly during World War 2?
What would have happened if the Second World War had never taken place?
What was the sentiment of the German people during WWII when it became obvious that the war was being lost?
What was it like to live under Nazi occupation?
Why did Germany think it could attack more than one country at a time during WW1?
Before and during WWII, did Germany and Japan have comic book heroes similar to Captain America, Superman, the Boy Commandos, etc. fighting the Allies?
Did anyone who fought for the Allies in WW2 who deserved or won the Iron Cross because their actions greatly benefited the Axis powers?
How can I shorten an essay about the Battle of Stalingrad for a PowerPoint presentation?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
If the Soviet Union surrendered in 1942, would the Allied Powers still have been able to defeat Nazi Germany?
Had Hitler withdrawn from most of northern France, giving it to Vichy, would it have helped him to win the war (by freeing men to the east, etc.)?
Would Britain speak German if the Nazis had won WWII?
Would Germany have won WWII if they had not wasted so much of their resources transporting, housing and murdering Jews?
Had Germany kept the Nonaggression Pact with Russia, what could have been the possible outcome of WW2?
How do you think WWII would have turned out if the internet and computers had existed the way they do now?
Is there any record of a Nazi testimony / witness description of his perspective of D-Day?
What would the American political system be like if a powerful socialist party existed in the United States after the Second World War?
How many survivors of the Bataan Death March survived the sinkings of both hell ships Oryoku Maru and Enoura Maru?
Were there any Americans serving as German soldiers during WWII?
How were the WW2 Battleships sunk at Taranto, Alexandria and Pearl Harbor refloated and repaired?
What if Nazi Germany successfully defeated Britain before invading the Soviet Union during World War II?
Were the soldiers of WWII better trained, because they couldn't rely on technology as much?
How did Hitler achieve his goal of taking Czechoslovakia?
Why were the German tanks so bad compared to the USA and the USSR?
How have depictions of World War I changed over time in American pop culture?
Do you think Italy should've stayed out of the Axis?
What did Hitler think of Stalin’s great purge and the Katyn massacre?
Why are there so many Wehrmacht groupies on Quora?
If the USSR had liberated all of Europe from the Nazis (due to US inaction/failed Normandy landings), would the USSR collapse earlier or later?
What major conflicts has the U.S. lost after World War 2?
During World War Two how did the military decide where to send troops?
How did the Italians end up switching sides in both WW1 and WW2?
What if Napoleon ruled France and fought Germany during WWII, with both having the same ambition, East?
Why didn't Germany bomb any landmarks during the London Blitz?
Did the Nazis plan the holocaust from the beginning?
If all the Jewish scientists escaping Nazi persecution escaped to the USSR instead of the US, how would it alter the course of history?
Did WW2 combat engineers carry rifles, carry just pistols, or were they unarmed?
What are some interesting stories related to Einstein and World War II?
What is the best book about World history, before, during, and after the World Wars?
What is your favorite World War 1/2 video game and why?
How can I be a good speaker like Hitler was?
In spite of having dropped nuclear bombs on Japan, how come the USA and Japan have become strong allies?
How did World War I era German helmets differ from World War II ones?
What would have happened if Germany had declared war in WW1 with WW2-standard weapon equipment and tools?
How would an F-35 do in World War 2? Would it change the outcome of the war on the level of the nuclear bombs?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
Had Hitler lived through WW2, would he have been tried first or last at Nuremberg?
Why were German helmets curved?
Was George Rockwell of the American Nazi Party a bad guy?
Would anime have been created if World War 2 had never happened?
What percentage of the world economy is generated by the war machine?
How many Pakistani soldiers die in a year?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
If Germany won WW2, what would life be like in the UK?
I found some evidence that Japan planned to attack NY Harbor after Pearl Harbor. Given the distance, were they capable of carrying out such an attack?
What is the secret behind the Nazi war machinery light years ahead in technology than their Allied & other Axis counterparts?
How did World War 2 affect literature?
How were the communications technology in tanks and aircraft during WW1?
How much metal was used to make all the bullets fired in World War 2?
If a domestic passenger jet flew at 40,000 feet over Europe during WW2, would it be relatively safe from being shot down?
How far along were the Japanese in building an atomic bomb in WW2?
Had the Germans won the Battle of Britain, would Operation Sea Lion have had any real chance of success?
What happened to Jewish children adopted to German parents during WWII?
What was the Japanese economic policy in WW1, the interwar period and WW2?
How much of the famous atrocities committed by the Japanese during WW2 are propaganda?
Were any light raiding vehicles used by the Germans in WWII?
Did the British know about the Holocaust before the breakout of WW2?
What was the best bolt action rifle of world war 2 for the allies and the axis powers?
To which extent was WWII a war of resources?
Why was there a 1st and 6th Airborne Division, but no 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th?
Why do tanks (German, WW2) move with their cannons directed not forward during times of no engagement on roads?
Why was the Vietnam War more controversial than WWII even though we lost more men in WWII?
Are there any families named Hitler today?
Was Monty ever given any other active role in any other major Allied operational planning after his dismal plan for Operation Market Garden?
What would have happened if Hitler did launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did the Nazis choose to attack the Soviets, rather than attacking the UK?
What if the Holocaust didn't happen and Hitler killed Slavs instead?
Why were the Nazis able to carry out the Holocaust without any major protests from the German population?
Some believe the US administration's major policies resemble those of the Third Reich. What do you think best represents the two governments?
What do Germans think about the land they lost after the WWs?
Were Hitler's last orders to destroy Germany entirely in a scorched earth policy?
Did France, Germany, and Russia pat the USA’s back after WW2?
What was each nation known best for in WWII?
Is the German military of WWII overrated on Quora?
Who were some philosophers during the world wars, what did they do?
You’re Hitler in 1933. What do you do in order to win WW2?
How many people of Japanese descent died in internment camps during World War 2?
Was Australia attacked during the World Wars?
Is WWII Germany stronger than today’s North Korea?
Did the French government compensate the UK for liberating their country from German occupation during WW2? If not, how has the UK benefited?
Is it possible to win the whole world like Hitler?
What was the purpose of the jeeps in World War II?
What if Germany had atomic bombs in WW2?
What was life like in Nazi Germany for non-Jewish Aryans?
Did Churchill know about the Pearl Harbour attack before it took place?
Does Neville Chamberlain deserve scorn?
Did the Japanese respect the foreign embassies in China during WW2?
Would the victory of Imperialist Britain during World War 2 actually have helped its colonies avoid the possible severe tyranny under the Nazi regime if the latter had won?
What are some famous United States infantry units from World War 2? They can be from any state in the USA.
How much ammunition did the Marines carry in WWII?
If there was a third world war in this decade, who would be the USA's allies? Who would side with who?
Why did Japan attack pearl harbor during WW2 as USA was neutral state at that time?
What was life in Germany like under Hitler?
What were considered the most famous/infamous or well-known military units in the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy?
How differently would World War 2 have gone if the attack on Pearl Harbor had happened in late 1942 instead of December?
When did the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor hit the news in New York City (local time)?
If China enters a "real" war, how does that affect the world economy?
During WW2 how important was Singapore to NZ/AU and Britain?
How well trained was the average Japanese soldier/marine in WWII?
What would happen if after WW2 the four zones of Germany were imperialized by the countries controlling them?
Why did the Berlin Airlift begin its operations?
How were Karl Max’s social and economic reforms so effective that the world was divided into 2 blocs?
What did Canada do on D-Day?
How many submarine wars have been fought after World War II, around the world?
What would have happened if Hitler had been judged for his crimes?
What would happen if India had fallen during World War 2?
Why did Britain sign a defence agreement with Poland in 1939, despite it being unprepared for war?
Why did America practice isolationism before the world wars?
Can a non-Jewish person that feels traumatized by the Holocaust be entitled to be compensated by Germany?
Why did Adolf Hitler suicide?
Why did Hitler not take over Canada?
How was popular culture in the United States affected during WW2?
What are some of the unknown facts about World War II?
What was the initial, immediate treatment of German non-combatant citizens like after the fall of Berlin in WWII?
What would have happened if the Red Army hadn't been purged? What would have been the outcome of the Winter War and WWII?
How did the U.S military used to choose whether a volunteer would fight on the Pacific or Europe in WW2? Did the volunteer have a say on it?
Has Austria given up all its looted Nazi art?
Did the U.S. Navy participate at all in the European, Mediterranean, African, and Middle Eastern theaters during WW2?
What would you have done to stop the World War I/II if you had been present/teleported/time travelled there with today's knowledge?
How did the German Nazis fund their enormous war effort?
If D-Day had failed with 100% of the Allied soldiers dead or captured & the same thing happened at Operation Torch, could Hitler have won the war?
Is there in today’s warfare an encryption and decryption arms race going on like there was in WW2 with the Enigma and the Turing bombe?
How much of a setback to the Allied cause in North Africa, was the loss at Kasserine Pass during WWII?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers during WW2?
When did the Allies find out Rommel was dead, and what was their reaction?
What are the medals and other gear on my father’s Army uniform from WWII?
Did USSR Stalin provide oil to Hitler's Nazi Germany for his Western campaign against France and the UK during WW2?
Why didn't the US enter WW2 after the Battle of Britain?
How was Hitler as a person?
Who has family members who fought in World War 2?
How many Jews went to America in the aftermath of World War II?
What were the strategies employed by the axis countries to recover from their degraded conditions after World War II?
How have depictions of World War II changed over time in American pop culture?
Wannsee is synonymous with what WW2 event?
How did nations around the globe change, post-WWII?
Could Australia have become a military power in the Pacific/SE Asia at the end of WWII?
Has any soldier in WW2 fought both on the European and Asian front?
Is it possible that the next world war won't end before the end of times?
What are the best WWII jokes?
Were there any German army groups which never surrendered?
To what degree is this statement accurate: The experience in WWII was similar to the experience in WWI?
Was it peaceful between WWI and WWII?
Do people in the Netherlands have resentment towards Americans after WW2?
What were the causes of WW2?
What are the long-term and short-term causes of WWII?
How did Germany manage to get out of their holocaust guilt and depression from WWII to maintain its great position it earned?
Why did Japan attack the U.S.A in WW1?
What do the Chinese think about WWII? Is it taught in schools?
How many Americans were killed in Europe during WW2?
What would happen to the U.S. if the current nationalistic state lead to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
If Hitler had been killed in the trenches during WW1, would there still have been WW2?
What do the German school history books say about the Second World War?
You are assigned to kill Hitler in the most silly way possible. How would you do it?
Where would catches of hidden German WWII weapons be found today?
What does the expression "people did not know because they chose not to know" mean in relation to the Holocaust?
Why did the Soviets use tanks in Berlin?
What is the aesthetic, sociohistorical, and formal analysis of this art: "I Embody Revolt," Helio Oiticica, P15 Cape 11, 1967?
How do you conquer the fear of death on a battlefield?
Which country won the WWII?
What makes Japan (a little country in Asia) dominating in a period of time back in WWII?
Why did Hitler order the Jews killing? Why did he hate them?
How would World War Two and the years following be different if the Axis Powers had united into one country?
What is the Churchill Club?
Which was the most successful tank of the Second World War?
How would Operation Barbarossa have turned out if no countries other than Nazi Germany and Russia had been involved?
How have industries like Coca-Cola and Hollywood helped the USA become sympathetic towards the rest of the world?
What German weapon or technology had the potential to win WWII but was never used?
Why would God let the Holocaust happen?
Why were there signatures on the Fat Man bomb?
Why is China considered amongst the victors of WWII, when they never fought any major campaign of WWII against the Axis powers?
Why were the Japanese so aggressively attacking their neighbors?
Why did Russia capture and imprison U.S. soldiers during WWII?
In what way was the Nazi Party incorporated into the German state following its transition into a single-party dictatorship?
Did any World War Two PoW camps have brothels for the soldiers to use?
How significant was Japan's wartime alliance with Germany?
How & why were the Allies able to turn the tide and achieve victory against the Axis powers (Japan, Italy, Germany) in World War II?
If the Germans had never blockaded Britain in WW1, would the US have still entered the war? Would there be a possibility of them joining the Germans?
Why did the Nazis burn so many books and destroy so many art pieces? Were they attempting to destroy freedom of expression?
What did German WW1 veterans think of WW2?
Did Winston Churchill know about the use of drugs in the German Army in WW2?
How long did it take for the Nazi to leave Poland?
If in The Final Countdown (1980) the USS Nimitz had engaged & destroyed the Japanese strike force before Pearl Harbor, what future would await them?
How do you feel about the phrase "The world is my guru"?
Did WW2 soldiers reuse WW1 trenches?
Would the Japanese government still want to conquer the world if they had an army capable of doing so?
What was the decision process ahead of dropping the atomic bomb on Japan?
Do you think that the US and Russia would have been as close as the US and Japan had the Allies succeeded in invading the USSR as planned, post-World War 2?
Would the U.S. be what it is today if it hadn't been for World War II? Why?
What if a WW2 tank was filled with helium?
What alternative history can I write about that is not related with WWII, Cold War, American Civil War, Roman Empire, and the Black Death?
Is it true that the Treaty of Versailles, had it treated the defeated nations differently, would have prevented World War 2?
What would the effects of German victory of WWI on the world today?
How does Julio Pino know so much about Adolf Hitler?
Why are there a lot more films about WWII and the Vietnam War than the Korean War?
What will happen if you left the worm inside the tank in 2 weeks covered the tank with wooden lid with a hole?
Is there a modern successor for the Grease Gun?
What happened to the Germans in the 1930s and 40s who did not support Hitler? Were they imprisoned?
What was Hitler's reaction to the Hindenburg disaster?
To what extent was Hitler responsible for his own rise to power in January 1933?
Will Germany ever ask for its lost territory in WW2?
What was the actual vision of Hitler, and did he succeed in achieving it?
Can anyone compare military strength of Britain before and after WW2?
Do you think famous world war video games are the reason for the huge interest of people in Hitler and WW2?
What was it like traveling between national borders during WW1, WW2? How were things restricted and monitored?
Would the Allied troops’ invasion of France have been possible, without first conquering North Africa?
What is one great achievement soldiers of your country made during WW1 or WW2 that you wish other countries knew?
What were the coolest battles of WWII (excluding major battles)?
What is your opinion on the British during the Second World War, and what they did do wrong?
How fast can Germany invade The Netherlands compared to WW2?
What was the music during WW2 like?
Why were World War 1 and 2 fought? Who won and who lost?
Why was the defeat of fascism in World War II enough to eradicate fascist ideology altogether (at least eradicate it as a legitimate regime option)?
What would have happened if Hitler joined the Allies and Churchill joined the Axis?
How can I convince loony leftists that the US didn't merely usurp Nazi Germany's role in the world after defeating it?
In Hetalia: Axis Powers, what are the Axis’ and the Allies’ names?
Who killed more people, Nazis or communists?
How effective were WW2 rockets on planes?
In WW2, how did Italian tanks fare in battle?
Why do many Germans feel guilty for a war they were never part of?
What could have the Germans produced that would have won them the war?
Is God trying to lessen the world's population during Summer?
Which army won WW II?
What was the role of Winston Churchill in World War II?
What priviledges did the Russians have from the Chinese before WWII?
Is it a reasonable assumption to believe that Adolf Hitler escaped to Argentina?
During WW2, why did the Japanese commanders on Guadalcanal kept underestimating the number of American troops defending Henderson Field?
Is it true, that during the First Gulf War, the United States emptied stockpiles of bombs and munitions dating back to World War II?
How could Japan (a small country in Asia) happen to be dominant during WWII, for a period of time?
If Nazi Germany were still around, how would things be?
What should have happened to the Nazis after WWII?
What was the total world population before the Second World War? How many died in the Second World War?
How did the Nazis feel about the NKVD atrocities?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the K98 or the M1 Garand?
What was America's role in the early stages in WWII?
Under the looming threat of German invasion was there ever any talk between former members of Austria-Hungary to reunite/ally before WW2?
Did fashionable trends come to a standstill during World War 2?
Do the leaders in the highest offices have any idea of the real suffering of people during war?
What topics in WWII history are unfairly ignored or understudied?
What did the Berlin Airlift do?
What if Japan in WW2 attack Russia instead?
What happened to Hitler after WW2?
What movies are out there about the North African Campaign in WWII?
How would the Second World War pan out sans Hitler and the Nazi movement?
How did Italians treat Jews at World War II?
Was Adolph Hitler a bear or a twink?
What happened to Hitler's uniforms? Where are they?
What was General Von Manstein's attitude towards the Holocaust?
Why was Leningrad under siege for so long?
Was Italy better in WW1 or WW2?
How many people were actually hanged as a result of the Nuremberg trials? Were any women hanged or put on trial at Nuremberg?
Did the Germans know about the English Channel fuel line and Operation Pluto during WW2 and did they try to stop it?
What changes were made in the UK after the second world war?
What if Britain remained neutral during WW2?
Is the plot of The Man in the High Castle a possible scenario, if WWII had ended with the Axis powers winning?
Would the British Centurion tank have matched the Tiger II if it had entered service earlier?
Was Germany better off without Italy in World War II?
How would WW2 have gone if the Nazis were actually Americans?
Is it true that the author of Attack on Titan is a Nazi sympathizer and pro-Japanese-imperialism?
When was the last time that a general was in the front lines of his troops during a battle (other than by being caught in a surprise attack)?
How did the German people feel about the persecution of the "undesirables" prior to World War 2?
Where can I find a WW2 French biker duster coat in London?
Why did the US not have a separate branch for their air force during World War Two?
Did the earth cool down after the Second World War?
Why did Britain release German pilots captured by France in WW2?
Did some soldiers in WWII become deaf after battles?
What was the difference between a German infantry division vs a panzer division during world war 2?
What would have happened if America had declared war on the triple alliance Powers in 1914, at the start of the war?
In WWII, what version of the P-51 Mustang fighter, did the "Tuskegee Airmen", fly?
Did Luxembourg have any involvement in WWII?
Why does Britain insist on calling the World War II Admiral Graf Spee heavy cruiser a "pocket battleship"?
If France and Poland invaded Germany today, what would be the German reaction? How would the rest of the world respond?
When the US cancelled the debt of Europe and Britain after WW2, how did the creditors get compensated?
What if England did not declare war on Germany?
In Nazi Germany what were some examples of women's jobs?
Why did the US choose to fight in Korea, when we didn’t in Germany?
Did Britain and France become a single country in 1940?
With so many German men killed in WW1 and WW2, how well did the population bounce back after 1950?
What was the worst thing about world war 2?
With all the deaths in WWII, has the world population recovered?
What was Germany after WWII?
During the World Wars (or other wars) did people from Ukraine, Caucuses and Central Asia etc fight for the Russian Empire/Soviet Union?
Were the lawyers who helped write the Nuremberg Laws punished after WWII?
Why did it take so long for the German Army to stop fighting after it was clear they had lost the war in WWII?
Who would win in a war between end-of-WWII USA and USSR vs the rest of the end-of-WWII world?
Did Australia play a more important role in WWI or WWII?
If Nazi Germany had crushed all of Europe except England, would it have attempted to invade the USA to try to knock us out?
What does Germany and Japan teach about the atrocities in WW2 in school?
Why were the Japanese and Germans allied in WWII?
How did the Nazis play a role in the 1948 war with the Israelis?
Who declared war on Germany?
Why did Germany choose Italy as an ally instead of Russia during WW2?
Did Mk IV British cruiser tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
If you were a Nazi soldier in Hitler's Germany, how would you justify your actions?
Since France has surrendered, once again, how long do they have until chaos occurs in France, since they are owned by Germany?
If the Allies did not exactly defeat the Nazis, how would history paint the British Empire?
What if the Soviets had kept on fighting after VE Day?
Why would Iraq become part of the German empire, alongside the Nordic countries and Austria, if the Nazis won during WW2?
Are there Neo-Nazis who do not deny the Holocaust?
Who was the Red Army in WWII?
What was the best frontline bomber during WWII?
Why did the Wehrmacht seem to have a larger variety of armored vehicles compared to the Western Allies and the Soviet Army?
How did the German aristocracy react to the rise of the Nazi Party?
How did the British treat German POW during WW2?
Could the British have singlehandledly defeated the Germans in 1939?
How did the Japanese treat prisoners of war in WWII?
What are the reasons for the bad British military performance during the first part of WWII?
Did people feel a similar amount of fear towards populism in Europe before WWII, as we do now?
How was debt the reason for World War 2?
Where can I get more information about the Battle of Dunkirk that took place during WW2?
How do you feel about the Trump administration bringing up stuff about Nazi Germany?
Was World War II the most destructive war in history?
Japan killed and slaughtered a lot of Chinese in WW2. What if the opposite happened in WW2?
What if Spain joined the axis in WW2?
How and why could the Nazis strike a deal (economic) with UK in 1933 during Ramsey MacDonald's reign?
Could Germany have defeated Russia in WW2 if Stalin had been assassinated by a Russian?
How would the world be different if Nicholas II had never been the Czar of Russia?
How did they launch gliders in WW2?
Is Germany working quietly on a world domination tactic through economical means?
Why did German tanks go from gray to tan colored in WW2?
How does the way countries view World War 2 differ from country to country?
What was the best side arm (hand gun) used in World War II?
What was the only good weapon the Japanese had in World War II?
Which country had the most impact in defeating the Germans in WWII?
What would have happened if, after WW2, USA had turned communist and the USSR had turned capitalist?
How did the history of middle ages Swiss mercenaries help Switzerland become rich and neutral in the wars that followed?
What was particularly impressive about Easy Company's assault on Brecourt Battery during WWII?
Could a company of the 506th Airborne survive the battle of Little Bighorn if they traveled back to 1876 with their WW2-era weapons and equipment?
Did Germany deserve their attack by the allies in 1945?
Did the Hitler Youth continue with guerrilla warfare in the years after the official surrender of Nazi Germany?
Were the British plans for the defence of Singapore truly misguided?
What would have happened if Germany hadn't turned on Russia after taking Poland?
In what document/source does the US call Germany the "great(er) evil"?
Did Hitler actually do anything good?
Does Banzai have standard procedures or is it just a final charge?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
Were there any "good Japanese" like there were good Germans?
How hard was it to take down a bomber during WWII?
German World War 2 aircraft never seemed to have powered turrets. Why?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
Was there ever a greater genocide of human life than the WWII holocaust?
Did your father fight the British for Germany during WWII?
Could we avoid a nuclear World War by giving a key to each member of the UN, and requiring a majority vote in order to use them?
Where or who can help me find information about Karel Curda, traitorous member of the Czechoslovakia's resistance in WWII?
How was Germany after World War 2?
What would the Russians have done to Hitler if they caught him?
Is it possible that a soldier threatened a pilot with a pistol to fly back into Stalingrad to get his friends out as well?
Why didn't the Soviet IS-7 tank enter production and service with the Red Army?
Why, after defeating Germany, did America and Soviet Union compete to go to the Moon?
Why wasn't Japan declared an American territory after WW2?
Why did the inventors of the atomic bomb called the bombs Little and Fat Man? In what way was the nicknames for the atomic bomb different from what those names described?
Did Hitler have an unrealistic idea of the amount of resources, troops and money he had? Why?
What was Stalin's reaction to attacking on Pearl Harbor?
What were the intelligence wars between Germany versus the Soviet Union in WWII?
What was the battle of Kursk?
Had the Germans attacked the French Maginot Line in WW2, could they have won?
What was the main reason Hitler killed himself?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early 40s were terrifying. Why did it not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Where could I find statistics on German and Soviet tank production during World War II (specifically on the Eastern Front)?
Why did England invade France during the 100 Years War?
Is there any truth in rumours that the Messerschmidt ME109 couldn’t turn hard left and could have easily been taken by the P51 during WWII?
How would the USA of today invade the German-occupied Europe of 1944?
Was Hitler trying to restore the German Empire?
Would we have nuclear energy if the Second World War never occurred?
How common was the G43 rifle in the German army? What were the odds for the average soldier to be assigned one?
What are the best WW2 movies?
What is causing the mass starvation and migrations from Africa to a degree greater than ever before in history since the end of World War II?
Are the main weapons systems (tanks, aircraft carriers, fighter jets) leftovers of WW2, ready to be swept away by the next conflict?
Why did the Allies not copy down the blueprints for the U-boats?
When did Hitler become the leader of Germany?
Why didn't the German army after World War II name another tank Tiger?
What was it like in the French West Indies from 1940 to 1945 (the point that the French surrendered to the Germans until the end of WWII)?
If Hitler would have won WW2, we would have learned Nazi ideology in school. How do I know I'm not being brainwashed by Western ideology?
What would have happened if Hitler had mixed Operation Barbarossa with Operation Blau in 1941?
What was a staff sergeant in WW2 and how did their responsibilities differ from other kinds of sergeants?
Did the Japanese High Command try to place the Emperor in House Arrest to prevent Japan from surrendering right before the end of World War II?
What if we dropped a huge atomic bomb, with a blast radius the size of all atom bombs before the fall of the USSR on Japan?
What if Soviet Union attacked Germany first in WW2?
What if Italy's military had been on a par with the other world powers during WWII?
Why weren't the USAAF B29 Superfortresses or B17s camouflaged during WW2, like their British counterparts?
What problems did Hitler face while ruling over Nazi Germany as its dictator?
How did the US’s neutrality change as WWII events unfolded?
What did the Germans think of the P-51?
Theoretically, if the Axis Powers won WW2, how would technology have progressed in their timeline compared to ours?
Why was the west so kind to Germany after the end of World War Two?
What if Spain, Portugal and Turkey all joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1300-HP Kinsei 54 double row radial engine?
What happened to Poland during WW2?
What if India split from Britain before WWII?
What are some fashion facts about World War 2?
What's the difference between Mussolini and Hitler?
In your opinion, who would you say was the better battlefield tactician, Col. Hal Moore or Major Richard "Dick" Winters?
How did WW2 affect America's Great Depression?
If France was among the losers of the WW2, then why was SC permanent membership granted?
Was the Polish-Soviet war one of the main reasons why the Soviets invaded Poland in 1939?
After WWII ended, what was the percentage of the US population that were combat veterans?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
Who were the important people in the Second World War, aside from Adolf Hitler?
Can you show me a timeline of World War II?
Why were the British caught so unprepared for war at the onset of WW2?
Why didn't Stalin join the Axis alliance during WW2? Was it because of Japan’s opposition?
If the Me 109 had drop tanks in the BoB, could it have changed the outcome?
If Hitler hadn’t declared war on the U.S. after Pearl Harbor, would FDR have been able to convince Congress to declare war on Germany and Italy?
Did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did Lebanon declare war on Nazi Germany?
What if Germany had retreated to the Alpine Redoubt in the final days of WW2?
Is there proof of Allies’ speculation to join the Nazis after they defeated the Russians at Kursk?
How were trenches used differently in World War 2 compared to World War 1?
Would nuclear weapons still be invented and used in World War II if Albert Einstein never existed?
What was the most effective camouflage pattern in WWII?
Why doesn’t the Chinese secret government agency send their agents to Japan to kidnap and arrest WW2 war criminals just like the Israeli Mossad did?
Why didn't the Germans just kill all Jews and others who arrived at a concentration camp right away so that there could be no camp survivors?
What are some facts about France during World War 2?
During and immediately after World War II, what was the public's view on Hitler? Was it anything like it is now?
Why did the Dutch Navy fight with the Allies (e.g., in Indonesia) but the French refuse?
Can you give me a quick conclusion of WW2?
Why is Winston Churchill revered for his prescience regarding Hitler but derided by intellectuals for his revulsion of Islam - both are totalitarian?
How did Germany revive from WW2 faster and continue to perform better than other European countries?
What had India gained after the end of World War II?
What if Italy remained neutral in WW2?
Did Germany make it harder for malicious dictators to take over the country after WW2?
Can India ask England to pay for the losses it faced due to the 'Raj' like Germany was made to pay after World War I and II?
Is there a detailed list of Chinese national treasures looted by Japan during World War II? Will they be returned?
With it's imperialistic mindset, was England able to obtain and keep any new territories for the British Empire after WW2?
Were there people in occupied France during World War II that would never have come into contact with the Third Reich?
What was the relationship between the two world wars?
What are the best books for studying the history of World War I & World War II comprehensively?
If Panther Tanks could be used after WW2, how would they upgrade?
What would WW2 look like, with the same circumstances, but with today's technology?
How could it have been possible for the SS to have used Zyklon-B to gas the Jews in WW-II?
Did Spain and Portugal participate in WW II?
Does China still have concentration camps for thought crimes?
What are the modern implications in today’s society of the dropping of the atomic bomb WWII?
How was Hitler childhood like?
If the US had invaded Japan in WWII, would it be seen as the defining US contribution to the war instead of D-day? If so, how would it be remembered?
What is the most recently declassified information about World War II?
Why did the Italian Air Force, after showing what it was capable of in the Spanish Civil War, either collapse or become irrelevant in World War II?
What would happen if the US had a modern defense system against the Pearl Harbor plane attacks?
Is there any WW2 German anti armor weapons that could face an M1 Abrams?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
Why did Nazi Germany start the North African Campaign?
If the Nazis and Japan had won WWII, would they have succeeded, or would they have even tried, to invade the US?
What inspired you to pursue World War 2/History?
Why didn't the Japanese destroy the Panama Canal after Pearl Harbor to delay reinforcements from the Atlantic?
What are Japanese children taught about Pearl Harbor?
Where does Marine Le Pen really stand with regards to French participation in sending Jews to the concentration camps?
Were Austrians proud when Hitler became chancellor of Germany?
What happens when a Soldier in the Military falls asleep on duty in a war zone?
What happened to Nazi SS officers after the world learned about the Holocaust?
Did Hitler want Britain to be his ally but Churchill ruined the chance?
How was Rommel an excellent general and person?
Why did a lot of Nazis hide out in South American countries after WWII?
Can you compress all of World War II into a single year?
What would the world be like if your kids knew how they were made?
If Hitler had won WWII, would he have punished Spain for not fighting?
What percentage of Nazi Germany's War Machine was funded by stolen Jewish goods?
Could Germany have won the war in the eastern front had the US not provided aid (Lend Lease) to the Soviets?
Did Hitler just had a soft spot for Great Britain that's why he didn't invade it?
Why do most people ignore that during WW2, more Jews were saved in France than in any other Nazi-occupied country?
What would happen if Nazi Germany had Iron Doom, SAM, and THAAD at once to prevent the Allies’ air raids in WW2?
How did diplomats travel during the Second World War?
How many German settlers in Texas were kidnapped by Comanches?
Did World War II give the British Empire a "noble" end?
Which are the best documentaries to watch on World War I and II?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1560-HP Kinsei 62 double row radial engine?
What if the Teutonic Ordenstaat survived to the modern day?
In WWII, before the "Battle of The Bulge", was there an American officer, who tried to alert their superiors to what the Germans were up to?
Which modern gun can outmatch the WW2 800mm Schwerer Gustav?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
What did US politicians hate more before World War 2, communism or fascism?
Could America's entire modern police force defeat any military during WW1 or WW2?
Did the 201st fighter squadron do well in WWII?
Why did the USSR in World War 2 have women fight in the war?
How​ would brand-new WW2 Carrier-Aircraft handle conventional and catapult launchers on today’s carriers?
What if Hitler invaded the UK and succeeded?
Does Russian history acknowledge collusion between Nazi Germany and the USSR before 1941 or is it an inconvenient truth?
What was the last thing Hitler ate?
What were Hitler's plans after victory for Slovakia and Croatia, because they were Nazi Germany allies but also they were Slavic states?
Could it be said that the USSR supported Nazi Germany at the beginning of WW2 (for its own purpose)?
What would have been the effect of first strafing runs on enemy ships and then bombing runs during WW2 naval battles?
What would happen if Germany, after defeat in WW1, collapsed and then erupted in civil war like in Syria today?
What do contemporary Japanese students learn about the cause of WW2?
What do you like in Hitler’s personality, and do you think he did something right?
If Hitler had been successful in Case Blue, would he have won the war?
At what point during World War 2 did the Nazis occupy the most territory?
Is there a problem with Nazi glorification in the modern German army?
How could the Nazis kill so many Jews?
How many Jews would have died if the neighbour countries would have taken them all in, instead of sending them back?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
Are there any firsthand accounts of World War 2 soldiers’ encounter with the Panzer VIII Maus and what they said?
Why did Hitler declare war on USA, when Japan started war with USA?
During the Second World War, why was mass hand-to-hand combat rare in the European theatre but common in the Asian theatre?
What were the aggressive steps Hitler took between 1938 - 1941?
Had the world community let Japan keep its SE Asian conquests plus the island nations, would it still have started a war with the USA back in 1941?
How did women’s roles change during WWII?
How would WWII been different if Britain and France never opposed Germany's invasion of Poland and Germany did not ally with Italy?
Apart from World War I & II, which war has influenced international politics the most?
How were Filipino soldiers and civilians treated by the Allies in World War II? How about the Japanese?
What made Ravensbrück different from other Nazi concentration camps?
Why are there a lot more memorials for WWI rather than WWII in Southern France?
Why didn't the Rothschilds and Warburgs save the Jews of Germany during the Holocaust?
Did the Soviet Union really propose to Nazi Germany to become an Axis Power in 1940?
Who were the champions of World War II?
To what extent could war be a solution?
During World War II, how important were the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to the Japanese economy and military? What are their parallels in, say, today's USA?
Why didn’t Argentina ever join the Axis Powers in WW2 to take the Falkland Islands from the British?
During the era when the U.S. had a military draft, were volunteers and conscripts treated differently?
Why did Hitler kill so many people?
How significant and known were the Brazilian expeditionary efforts during WW2?
How important was supplying the Russians with war materials to the success of Russian troops during WW2?
Why does the human race tolerate the evil communism that killed over 20 million people, but not the national socialism that killed six million?
Which international incidents since World War II fueled international incidents such as treaties, exit strategies, elections, and war?
Was there any colonial empire that actually grew stronger after World War II?
In the history of modern warfare, why is it that the generals of WWII are the most glorified/famous?
Can a large aquatic mammal set off an anti-ship mine or a depth charge?
How much of an advantage did the British gain during WWII thanks to the invention of the sonar?
Why did the Germans kill 6 million Jews in WWII?
What was Hitler's attitude toward black Africans, and did he send them to extermination camps?
How did the British contribution to the war in the Pacific compare with the American to Europe?
How exactly was the United States coerced into fighting against Germany in WWII? Can somebody explain that to me?
Who would win in a fight between WWI Allied Powers and WWII Allied Powers?
What are some little-known facts about WW2 tanks?
What are two decisions made at Potsdam and their consequences?
How and why did the European nations lose control of their colonies in Africa and Asia after WWII?
What was Venezuela’s role in both World Wars?
What could be a good topic question and 3 sub questions of a historical essay on Enigma during WWII?
Did most people in Ireland want Britain or Germany to win World War II?
What do you make of anonymous's latest warning about WWIII?
How was the Luftwaffe created in 1933-1935, before the official announcement?
In World War II, why were surrounded forces easily destroyed?
Is it true that most of the footage of the D-Day landings was lost?
Why do German people still excuse and pay to victims of Holocaust?
When was the last time World War II era guns were used in combat?
How would the world be different if the UK had allied with Germany during WW2?
Did Hitler want Britain to ally with Germany?
How different would it have been to serve aboard a WW1 and WW2 U-boat?
Do the bravest military units tend to also be the most ruthless?
How would Tsarist Russia fare in the position of the USSR in WWII?
What did veteran German tankers from WW2 think of the Leopard I MBT?
Did more people die in the Holodomor than the Holocaust?
How many Indian soldiers lost their lives trying to protect Singapore during World War 2?
Following the failure of Operation Market Garden, what operations did the Allied powers launch to thrust into German territories?
Why didn’t the Japanese Imperial Army attack China’s Communist Party headquarters in Yan'an from the air during the Second World War?
What was the diplomacy of war during World War 1 & World War 2?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
If Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany again in 2017, what would he do?
What was the response of the survivors when Israel became a nation again after going through the horrors of the Holocaust?
In WWII, which occupied country had the greatest resistance to the Nazis, Poland, Greece or Yugoslavia?
What did Hitler say about the Yalta Conference?
What impact did French leaders have in WWII?
During what event/war was the U.S. army most powerful?
Wouldn't it be easier for Hitler to capture another strategic point at the Volgograd and to destroy Stalingrad by air?
How come the US didn't send troops to the Soviet Union during World War II after Nazi Germany invaded?
Why do some people believe Hitler did nothing wrong?
Why were Soviet troops looking for scientists near the end of WW2?
Would there have been any computers or a space age without World War II?
Did any survivors of Nazi death camps get compensated or apologized to?
What are the influences of WW2’s impact on the environment and ecosystem of wildlife and nature on the entire European continent?
Why did Britain and France join WW2?
Was the Third Reich a version of Plato's Republic?
Did the D-Day landings occur during high or low tide?
What was the worst concentration camp?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
Why hasn’t Russia ever been conquered？
Why were the nuclear bombs dropped on Japan and not on Germany in the 2nd World War?
How survivable would an A-10 Warthog be during the Second World War?
In WWII, would a Regimental Signaler be in the field?
Which major European country did Japan defeat in 1905?
What did we learn from both world wars that allowed us to avoid a third world war?
What issues arose with mortgages during wars such as WW2 and the Vietnam War?
How did Hitler become a dictator of Germany when he didn't even get food and was homeless like a beggar before joining the army?
Was it in any way scientifically justifiable to kill Hitler's children on the chance that they might grow up to be like him?
Would it have been possible for the Allies, mainly the US, to attack and defeat the USSR immediately after World War II as George S. Patton wanted?
Should the stigma be removed from the swastika?
Why did men back in WWII enroll for war even though they knew they would likely find death in the clash?
What can you say about the Filipino resistance movement in World War 2?
Why did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Were the Imperial Japanese worse than the Nazis?
Why did the Japanese lose World War II?
Why is Austria sometimes not seen as a victim of Nazi Germany?
What was Britain's role in the Atomic bomb?
Are there any things to love about Hitler?
Do soldiers today study the actions of World War 2 as part of their training?
What font did the US military use in World War 2 era documents (an example is in the details)?
What percentage of the population of the major countries taking part in World War 2 served in combat and non-combat roles for the war effort?
Could the Nazis have come up with a better economic policy in 1933? If yes, what would've been the main components of the policy?
What are some of the weird weapons and equipment from World War I you find interesting?
Is blaming the Holocaust and WWII exclusive on Hitler wrong?
If Germany had the same resources in manpower, oil, and materials as the Soviet Union did between 1941 and 45, would Operation Barbarossa have been successful?
What are the best books to read about the World Wars?
How much longer would the Nazis have needed to finish fortifying the D-Day landing beaches sufficiently to repel the Allied invading forces?
How did Russia lose so much soldiers, more than Germany, and still have a strong standing point in WWII?
What was Germany like after 1945?
Did any religious wars lead to the threat of nuclear holocaust, like the secular World War II did?
Why did the socialist and union movements in the USA before WW2 disappear, leaving the country relatively right wing, while those of Europe continued?
How would WWII have changed if operation Case Blue had been a success and the Germans had captured all the Caucasus oil?
Do you regret that Americans saved the French during WWII?
What were the causes of Germany’s attack on France during World War II?
What if the USSR went to war with the US, after WW2?
Why was Hitler so good?
Are there any American soldiers who died in the Vietnam War which consist of big brother and little brother in one same family?
What if the D-Day Invasion was a bar fight?
Who would win, a modern jet or a WW2 prop plane?
Would it have made a difference if the German war economy was geared into total war at the start of World War Two like Speer implemented in 1942/1943?
Why was not the "circle of sun" (called 日之丸 in China) banned in Japan after WWII?
What do Japanese today think of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto?
What was the defeat of the Axis powers?
How much did the Holocaust cost Nazi Germany?
What positive results came out of WWII?
How do WWII-era flak rounds from an AA piece work?
How much is a WW2 MG42 sight worth?
How many hundreds of thousands of Soviet soldiers were captured by the Germans in the many battles in Soviet Union?
In WW1 and WW2, did people ever get telegrams like MIA or KIA wrong?
Why did Arabs oppose Turkey during WWII?
Would World War 2 have happened if World War 1 hadn't happened?
Which battle ended Germany's chance of winning WW2?
When did you first become interested in World War 2 history, and why?
Is there any proven fact and evidence of Hitler massacring millions of Jews in the concentration camp?
What were the torture methods used in Auschwitz?
Unexploded WWII bombs are still found all over Europe. Have explosions happened due to disintegration before they've been located (since the war)?
Did Germany use any computers at the WWII?
Why was the USA to blame for the Cold War, taking into account their behavior at the peace conferences at the end of WW2, and the actions taken in Germany?
What are some good histories of the role of finance in war?
Why did Hitler feel it was important to sign a non-aggressive pact with the Soviet Union before invading Poland?
How did Hitler help Germany out of unemployment?
How were Friden Flexowriters used during World War II?
Were Japanese soldiers good to the civilians of their captured colonies in World War 2?
What German post war programs could my grandfather have been in?
If Hitler had never existed, would the Nazi party never have existed, and WWII never have erupted?
Why does it seem to be the case that the British Army in World War II had access to fewer submachine guns than did the Wehrmacht, the Red Army and the US Army?
What were some survival tips on the front lines during WW1 and WW2? How are they different now?
Was the Italian Campaign a waste of time for the Allies?
Who are the best WW2 fighter pilot aces?
In WWII, what were soldier/general/etc. ranks and what were their jobs exactly?
Is it Adolf Hitler or Adolph Hitler? Are they the same person?
What did the world look like during World War II?
Was Pan-Germanism part of the ideology of the Nazi Party?
Did Nazi Germany ever try or discipline any of its own troops for mistreatment of civilians or prisoners?
Why did Italy have such a bad performance during WWII?
How many European Jews fled to Jamaica in 1942 to escape Hitler’s army?
Why do some of the most adversely affected countries from the outcome of World War 2 hold the strongest economies today e.g. Germany, China, Japan, Korea?
What is the story of Hitler?
Is a world war guaranteed this century?
How would WW2 have played out if Germany were an island in the North Sea?
Were the Flying Tigers during World War II mercenaries?
How did Bolshevism benefit from outside influence during WWI?
Was killing Admiral Yamamoto justified?
How were the inexperienced US Marines able to inflict such disproportionate casualties on the Japanese army in the Guadalcanal campaign?
Would the Axis have won WWII if Japan did not attack Pearl Harbor and Hitler did not attack Russia?
What ended U.S. neutrality in WW2?
Why are Hitler and the world wars discussed so much on Quora?
Did the Germans make an effort to be better-behaved in their occupation of France and Belgium in 1940 than Germans had been in the 1914?
What would've happened if the Americans joined the Nazis?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
If Hitler had the "Tsar Bomba" in his arsenal, how would the world be different today?
How come the Russians didn't care about throwing their country folk lives out fighting Germans in WW2?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
Were WWII American soldiers buried with the uniform they wore at their time of death?
How well would Japan's army (from WWII) fare against China in 2017?
British Typhoon units at the closing of the Falaise Pocket had a high rate of blue on blue fire. Was this also true for American CAS?
Why did Hitler join the German Army?
Were there any battles between Nazi Germany and its former allies?
How many soldiers were killed after May in 2014?
The Manhattan Project was a tightly-held secret. Does that mean that no journalists suspected that the Americans were working on a "fission bomb"?
Are the alleged German atrocities in WW2 true?
Does the hairstyle of Adolf Hitler still exist?
After the Pearl Harbor attack, why did the US wait for three years before attacking Japan?
Why did India support Britain, during World War 2?
How effective was the 88 in WW2?
After France’s capitulation in WW2, how much did the French resistance do?
How did the AAA work on WWII ships?
My friends and I were discussing the best weapon from World War II. What is your opinion?
What is a list of three to five (3-5) international incidents since World War II where America has taken on a policing role?
Do you think Britain saw her finest hour during the Second World War?
What would have happened if the Nazis had implemented the forced and total assimilation of the Jews?
Have Hitler's bones ever been DNA tested to prove they are really from Hitler?
What would happen if Nazism and Fascism spread throughout the world?
How did Hitler's experience in WWI shape his viewpoints after the war was over?
Why did the British Army name one of its primary tanks of the Second World War after Oliver Cromwell, a regicide?
What are some of the most heroic moments of Nazi Germany?
What are the three problems that Latin America faced after World War II?
What is arguably the best tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
What are the most secret weapons from WW2?
Who was the most badass veteran from WW2?
What would the outcome of WW2 have been if Trotsky, and not Stalin, had been the leader of the USSR?
If the Russian revolution had never happened/failed and Russia remained Imperial, how would Hitler have interacted with Russia in WW2?
What does Jon Davis think about how many Germans view and treat veterans and soldiers?
Do you think that Katie Hopkins wasn't actually referring to the Final Solution of the Holocaust?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
What does Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like now?
Why do Fascists think they are superior when they lost the war against the inferior Communists?
How do you explain that it’s only after WW2 that UFOlogy has appeared?
After WW2, the UK almost decided against developing a nuclear bomb on economic grounds. Would the UK be economically better off today if they hadn't?
What interests did the US have in China and Southeast Asia in the 1940s?
What were the available jobs for women in WW2?
How many Nazi soldiers fought in World War II?
What was the biggest miscalculation of the Axis in World War 2?
Who were Merill’s Marauders in WW2, and what was their principal role?
How were the Japanese treated in the internment camps during World War II?
Could General LeMay have used nuclear weapons on his own authority as Command of SAC after WWII?
Why did the Allied Navy fight in the Java Sea in February 1942?
To what extent was the Japanese invasion of China justified in WW2?
Why was the post WW2 Macedonia created?
Was the USA already an economic superpower before WWII?
Why did Nazi Germany invade the USSR in such a hurry? German generals seemed to prefer any invasion to be in 1945 at the earliest, didn’t they?
Could Hitler have won the war?
If Nazi Germany had a small battalion of modern MBTs, could they have won WWII?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
Did penicillin develop due to WW2?
What did the French expect the Germans to do in World War II?
Do American soldiers sometimes get special treatment due to fear of the U.S. when they are captured by enemies, as compared to other countries’ soldiers?
When will Germans get over their Nazi/WW2 guilt? It's been over 70 years, but “don't mention the war" still seems to be a thing.
Was every German soldier during WWII a Nazi by definition?
How good was the Red Army in late WW2?
What do communists think of Hitler as a person?
With as late a start date as possible, what can you do to give the Axis powers a victory?
Why is it that when people talk about WW2, they often say that Russia and America won the war? What about the UK?
Do you believe that Manstein could have brought the Eastern Front to a stalemate after Stalingrad if not for OKH's mistakes?
Were there any German prosecutors during the Nuremberg trials?
How can the average person best remember the tragedy and horror of the Holocaust?
Which country had the best ground-deployed air defence in WWII?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
How are large caliber anti-aircraft guns aimed?
What were the general arguments for and against using atomic bombs to end World War II?
Had Roland Freisler survived the Second World War, would he have defended himself at Nuremberg?
If you could go back to 1943, swap places with Hitler and have his appearance what would you do?
What countries benefited the most during the World Wars? What countries were harmed the most during the World Wars? Why?
What was the most effective weapon of WW2, in terms of damage/casualties?
In the Western economy after WW2, which generation of people has the most luck at being the wealthiest?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers? How?
Were there trials and prosecutions of Confederate leaders after the US Civil War (like there were after World War II)? If not, why not?
How was the situation in the Central Africa colonies during WW2?
Did Germany change their political system after WW2?
What do you know/think of Karl Haushofer's influence on Hitler in general and on writing the “Mein Kampf”?
What was Benito Moussolini's take on the treatment of Jews by Hitler's Germany?
How much land of the German empire was given to Poland exactly after WWI and WWII?
What if Canada had joined the Axis in WW2?
Did the Confederacy kill more Americans than the Nazis did?
Was the Manchurian offensive the primary reason Japan surrendered to the allies?
How successful was the German Army during WW2? Are they over-glorified?
Are battleships sunk as post war "targets" ever explored?
What would a US carrier group do if they detected two World War 2 ships battling it out?
Why did Christian Günther allow British Agents to examine and transport the wreckage of the V2 "Bäckebo Bomb" from Sweden to Scotland in 1944?
Why does Hollywood portray German soldiers as buffoons when it is a well-known fact that Germans had the highest tactical freedom at the NCO level?
How useful would dive bombers and ground attack aircraft from the Second World War be in the War on Terror?
Who funded the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development, which operated from WWII until the 1980s?
How does the German people of today live with what their people did in WW2?
Why did Hitler never allow evacution of the Courland pocket?
During the Second World War (WWII), did the Allies have a plan B if the Normandy landings turned pear-shaped? Would they have nuked Berlin?
How did Hitler save Germany from the hyperinflation?
Why Netaji meet Japan prime minister in WW2?
What are the real reasons behind America and the West becoming the leaders of the world after WWII?
What would the world be like if Nazi Germany simply settled with taking over all of Europe?
Why did France surrender during WW2 without fighting?
Were there Americans who objected to the USA going to war with Japan after Pearl Harbor?
How strong were the Nazi German soldiers as compared to the French?
What was the Battle of Berlin?
Did the French have an opportunity to prematurely end WW2 during the Saar Offensive?
How does it feel to be tortured by enemy forces?
Was Ferdinand Porsche ever tried in the Nuremberg Trials? He did contribute extensively to the German war effort and was a Nazi party member.
Do you think that CoD WWII is inappropriate/insensitive?
Were Japanese soldiers more disciplined as compared to the American soldiers?
Would the Polish paratroopers deployed at Arnhem had made a difference had they been instead deployed in the Warsaw Uprising?
The United States dropped two atomic bombs on Japan to end WWII. Nowadays, why are Japan and the United States allies?
Why did the U.S. and U.K. agree to the Soviet Union occupation of the Baltic countries at the end of World War II?
What is the biggest jump in rank in Spanish military history?
Did any subject of Unit 731 survive to talk about his or her experience?
Why was the USA not charged with war crimes for bombing the innocent people of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Where can I get a list of Supermarine Spitfires in North Africa during 1944–1946 in WW2?
What should I know about the Battle of Buxar?
What are some good sniper stories of WW2?
Are Nazi soldiers justified in saying they had orders?
Would the Japanese have attacked the US if the Pacific Fleet had remained in San Diego?
What does Eduard Limonov think of Adolf Hitler and Nazism?
How was economic revitalization important for the rearmament of Nazi Germany?
Are World War II films with German villains more popular because Westerners are distrustful of modern Germany and the EU?
In WW2, if Germany decided to make aircraft carriers, would they have won the war?
What does it mean collecting dead soldiers locket in WW2 movies?
We have had two World Wars. Is a third possible?
What were the living conditions in the German concentration camps?
What key battles did the Waffen-SS fight in?
What was going on in South and Central America during WW2?
What foods were rationed in WW2?
Did the United States betray Japan in WW2 by suddenly embargoing their oil after being their sole providers?
Could Germany have won World War II if they had just focused on building their early successful tanks, like the Panther and the Panzer 4, and had just focused on invading Russia instead of taking down France and all of the Western countries?
If Germans would have captured Stalingrad and Moscow would they have pushed further east?
Did the Germans try to bomb British radar towers during World War 2?
Have Europeans been resigned to German domination since 1940?
Was it possible for Germany to negotiate a better peace treaty if USA didn't get involved in WW1?
Why do many Eastern Europeans dislike Stalin even though he defeated Nazi Germany and helped millions of Russians escape serfdom with communism?
If Germany had won WW2, what movies would they have made to show their successes?
If China had adopted democracy after World War II, how differently would it have grown by now?
What was the real reason Rudolf Hess flew to Scotland during WW2?
What’s the use of tying a bandage around the stock of a rifle? Why do people do that?
What if the Japanese managed to sink the US's aircraft carriers at Pearl Harbor but not the battleships?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
During WWII, in Russia, was all the scrap metal from destroyed tanks, etc., melted down and reused as the Soviets pushed the Nazis back to Germany?
How much was Nazi Germany's war effort impeded by its administration?
Was the draft of WWII enforced on homeless people in the U.S.?
What would have been the outcome had Roosevelt not given in to Stalin's territorial demands after WWII?
What were/are the typical post war poverty foods in Albania (i.e. after WWII)?
How were bunkers made in WW1 and WW2 on the front lines?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
Are Great Britain and France responsible for the declaration of WW2? Why is the blame just on Germany?
What if the Atomic bomb was created way before its original time - during the Great War?
Was Lewis Brereton the unluckiest or most incompetent commander in WW 2?
Will the US ever be more liberal like the rest of Europe after WW2 or will it take a similar event?
Who are the top five Hitler's?
If World War II was a bar fight, how would it go?
Just how much military equipment was abandoned by the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) during the evacuation of Dunkirk?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
Who was more evil: Adolf Hitler or Josef Fritzl?
What are some good WWII essay questions for high school students?
How many American WW2 veterans are alive today?
Can you summarize WW2?
If Field Marshall Erwin Rommel survived the war, would he have been found guilty at the Nuremberg trials?
Do atheists ever wonder whether World War II and now right-wing populism and Islamist thugs are God's judgment on Europe for embracing Charles Darwin's evolutionism and rejecting Christ?
What are some good books about world war 2 that actually describe war front violence stories?
If Nazis were not anti-semitic, how many Jews would support them?
Do Israelis and Jews acknowledge Nanking and Project 731?
Did the US M41 Walker Bulldog fight Tiger tanks in WW2?
If the Axis had triumphed in El Alamein, The Battle of Britain, Stalingrad and Midway, could they have won the war?
In this day and age, is it possible to stop a world war before it happens?
Why didn't Britain annex Heligoland after the Second World War?
What would the world look like today if Hitler had not attacked Poland and left it as a buffer state between Germany and the USSR? But what if he still attacked the West?
Could WW2 have been won without the US?
What was it like to have sex with Hitler?
Did soldiers in WW2 wear a Hitler moustache?
Was dropping two nuclear bombs on Japan that killed nearly 100,000 people when US was so close to winning WWII a war strategy or a weapon test?
Was it possible for Hitler to invade and conquer the Soviet Union during the Second World War? If yes, then how?
Did the Soviet Air Force play a large role in World War II?
Why do some people respect Hitler and the Nazis?
Are there still Nazis (neo nazis) in Germany? What parts of Germany would you find them in?
What was the primary purpose or function of the Bund Deutscher Mädel during WW2. Did they offer any real type of contribution?
Why did the British leave India all of a sudden, even after they won the Second World War?
What would happen if one or more of the three superpowers transitioned their economy to a WWII-scale war economy, if they refused to explain or stop?
During World War II, did some soldiers automatically enter the army as officers? What qualified a soldier to get this rank?
What should Hitler have done to win the Battle of Kursk?
Why is the world talking about a WWIII when there are clearly no two big parties (it's just NK vs the world)?
How hard was it to emigrate from the Soviet Union before World War II?
What exactly did the Nazis in Germany and Austria believe in?
What if Germany had had some F-15s during WWII?
What if Japan had modern weapons from right now in WW2?
What is the Immortal Regiment march in Russia?
Do Nazi fans resent Japan for attacking Pearl Harbor, resulting in the US participation in the war?
What was the relationship between Japan and Australia pre-World War II?
How can you describe the US economy during WWII?
Which are better, magnesium or thermite bombs?
Is Emperor Hirohito demonized in Asia just as Hitler is demonized in the Occident?
How effective were WW2 anti-air (AA) guns?
What was the biggest battle in World War Two?
What's the difference between the SS, the SD and the Gestapo, and what did they do?
Did Hitler's regime build the first motorways?
Do you have photos of a stuka with his 1000kg bomb?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
How would WW2 have been affected if all of Germany's logistical problems had been solved?
Was there any hostility between China and Korea before WWII?
Why were Hitler’s speeches so appealing?
Despite winning two world wars and colonising most of Africa, Asia and North America, Britain and France are not as strong as Germany economically. Why is that?
How would the world have turned out if Germany had won the World War 2?
Why are Nazi officials so much more fascinating to me than Allied leaders?
What would happen if USA used an atomic bomb against Soviet Union in WWII?
Did the Japanese have any knowledge about the American atomic program before the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima?
Why does Hollywood always make Holocaust, World War II, or Black Struggle (1960's Civil Rights era) movies, every year?
What was the most advanced tank of WWII?
Is it true that Koreans were a big part of the Imperial Japanese Army that invaded the SEA region?
What principles of war can be used in the battle of Stalingrad?
Could Andrew Jackson have prevented WWII?
What is the impact of the OSS in World War II?
Did Germany pay any fines or financial penalties after WW2? Did they pay for any of the damage that the Luftwaffe caused to Allied countries?
What did Hitler do with his power?
What was the ''pretext'' for Hitler's Jewish massacre?
How would the world look like if the Nazi Germany won WWII?
It's June 1st, 1944. You are in command of the German troops in France. Could you stop the D-Day landings?
Why did Japan choose to attack Pearl Harbor, and how didn't they realize that that wasn't a very smart move?
What were the economic, political, and social consequences of the Second World War?
What if Germany didn't declare war on the USSR during World War 2?
What if the US had gone along with Admiral Halsey's "Before we're through with them" quote?
How did Germany obtain enough resources to create an industrial military in WWII?
Is it true that almost a hundred million Africans were killed by whites?
Is it true that power and money are the sources of the wars and conflicts which have been happening in this world?
How feared and well-respected were German soldiers during World War II?
How do German students feel when they are learning WW1 and WW2?
What if the Germans created the Sherman tank in 1934?
What if America had declared war on the Axis in 1939, when the war started?
What are the most chaotic times in human history, excluding WWI, WWII, or The Cold War?
Was the V2 a complete waste of time and money?
Who ended World War 2?
If there had been no WW2, what would be the economic and military strength of Japan and Germany today?
Did medicine advance because of the Second World War?
Would Adolf Hitler's style, the yelling, the hand gestures work in the English language today?
If you had been in the SS in WW2 what would you have done afterwards to make amends?
How did the early 21st century differ from the time period immediately after World War II?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Wasn't Hitler a coward & traitor who left Germany in ruins?
If nuclear weapons were invented earlier, would World War 2 have ended earlier?
What did Italy do in WW2?
Why did WW2 happen?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
Why is the history of WW2 taught in vastly greater detail than WW1 in the American high school curriculum? Is this a global trend?
Who helped stop the Holocaust during WW2?
How did the British, whose tank design during WWII was lacking, design and field the Centurion shortly thereafter?
How did Norwegian Jews fare during Nazi occupation, because I don't think they could easily be transported by boat to death camps in Germany and Poland?
How has the concept of 'white privilege' changed in East Asia since the end of World War II?
How does the world perceive about the Philippines' war on drugs?
Is Hitler a pure blood German?
What do Holocaust revisionists believe? How many different versions of events are there?
What are those small lines all over many mid and late war German tank armors?
Is there a good WWII tank documentary on PBS?
What sources are there for WW2 Europe weather info?
Which was the best fighter of WW2?
Wasn't it a bit racist of Hitler to kill the Jews?
Did anyone survive the suicide charges of the Soviet Union and the Japanese during WW2?
Can you explain Hitler's mindset?
Who won World War II?
Why was the bombing of Pearl Harbor a failure?
What was the US policy in the event of a German invasion of Great Britain in 1940?
What would happen to the US if the USA’s current nationalistic state led to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
Why did so many people in the Second World War volunteer to risk their lives and join the army?
Could a WW2 air crew hear their bombs explode when they hit?
Did the Japanese engage in tank combat with American forces during WW2?
How is the WW2 education in Spain?
Why has nobody, since the Mongols, succesfully invaded Russia?
Who was the better general and why, MacArthur or Patton?
Did Britain invade and occupy neutral Iceland in the Second World War?
Why did England require a loan from the US during WWII despite having so many colonies (more resources) while the US had none?
Can someone make a legitimate argument, refuting the Holocaust happened?
What are the causes of WW2 by Germany?
Could the Panzer III and IV have been upgraded more effectively during WW2? Could they have been upgraded to the point of competing against the Ally late tanks?
What was the most dangerous/likely threat to tanks in WW2, infantry antitank weaponry or other tanks?
What if Japan joined the allies in the WW2 and Soviet joined the axis?
What would have happened if the totalitarian states won the WW2?
Do the German people nowadays forgive the Allies and the USSR for the way they treated them?
What were some of the most famous female soldiers and units who fought in world war 2?
How close was the USSR to falling during WW2?
How do you explain the reasons for Germany starting both world wars?
What would you do if you time-traveled back in WW2 and you took over the place of Hitler (and ruled Germany at that time)?
How could you change the events of the attack of Pearl Harbor?
What do you think is causing the increase in atheists today? Did major catastrophic events, such as WW2, cause a sharp drop-off in religious people?
How were shell cases recycled in WW II, and was it the standard?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
Who would win: a modern carrier strike group or every WW2 ship?
What do you think was the best tank of WW2?
Why did the Allies not just continue to invade through Italy instead of Normandy?
What would FDR think of all the war profiteering in the US with the giant defense contractors like Lockheed, how did he prevent it in WW2?
Would Hitler have killed himself if he had been a Jew?
If you could name only one country that defeated fascism in the Second World War, which country would you name?
If you went back in time to 1935 and gave the Nazi army an Ar-15 and 30 rounds to design the gun around how would the war turn out?
If Hitler was such an intelligent person, then how come he made silly mistakes during World War 2? Why did he not learn from the mistakes made by Napoleon?
If you saw an innocent baby Hitler, would you kill him?
What happened in the African front of WW2?
What is the secret behind the Hitler's death?
What was the worst (deadliest) year of the World War 2?
What is the worst aircraft that was put into service in WW2?
Was the invasion of Normandy done to stop the Russians from capturing Western Europe?
When does Germany have a change leadership?
Did average Germans have a false superiority complex during the Nazi times? Has it been corrected by their education system?
What if the 1956 Hungarian Uprising had defeated the Soviet invasion?
What were the differences of German and Japanese during the WW2?
Did Central and South American countries take part in WW2?
How would Hitler's flak towers stand up to modern artillery and bombing?
Could Germany have defeated the Allies at D-Day if their beach fortifications included a coast-line full of quicksand?
Why have the German WWII E-boats been almost forgotten about, as compared to the U-boats?
Will it take another World War for tax rates on the wealthy to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
Three Sachsen-class frigates of the German Navy in service in the Baltic Sea are transported back in time to May 1942. What would the crew do?
What if the Germans had created an atom bomb before the Americans during the Second World War?
Why did Germany allow the British expeditionary force to escape from France at Dunkirk in May 1940?
What was the lesson of WW II?
Does the US need a detrumpification process like Germany after WWII?
If the Americans had mass-produced the T25 tank in WWII, would it have made a great difference?
Did people try to escape the Soviet Union on boats after World War 2?
If America has the largest military in the world, how come it hasn't won a single major conflict since WW2?
What was the deadliest day in World War 2?
What type of gas was used by the Nazi in the holocaust chambers?
How many Russian veterans who fought the Nazis are still alive in 2017, and how can you find and contact them?
Are there any accounts from troops stationed on the Falkland islands during WW2, and did the MOD's psychiatrists stay no more than 6 months?
What was your favorite WW2 game?
Would Hitler have not committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviets?
Why did Hitler say the Third Reich would last 1,000 years instead of forever?
What was President Hindenburg's opinion of Chancellor Hitler?
If Nazi Germany won WW2 would there be an apology for the holocaust?
Why was Germany so ahead of Allied nations in terms of technology during WW2?
What was the scariest thing to happen in the wars?
Did the US had the toughest tasks compared to the other allies on D-day?
How did WW2 affect south Asia?
How effective were Pantherturms in World War 2?
Were men in gulags asked to volunteer for the Red Army? (WW2)
What if Germany from 1939 was sent into 2017 shortly after the order was given to invade Poland?
When was the Scorched Earth Policy implemented in Russia?
What are the losses of the Allied and Axis Powers?
If someone made an oratorio about World War II, would it be interesting?
Why were the Nazis so hated? Didn't the British Empire destroy much more than the Nazis?
What happened to the tattooed Japanese in WWII who the army viewed as noncomformists and a potential source of trouble and so did not conscript?
Are the Poles still upset at the British and French betrayal in 1939 and 1945? (Germany/USSR invaded in 1939 and Poland fell under USSR rule in 1945.)
What were the impacts that WW2 had on the world's citizens, short - and long - term, positive and negative?
Are there any conventions on the themes of WW1 or WW2?
Was the British attack on Mers-el-Kébir justifiable?
What 9mm handgun would you arm your military with in World War 2?
Who attended St. Mary's Catholic School in Walthamstow, after WWII?
Did the Germans ever consider mounting a 88mm flak in an airplane?
Will the Nazi lose when Hilter died?
How strong is the Japanese Army?
Why did the German army chose to use the MG3? It seems like using a carbon copy of Hitler's buzzsaw is a tad bit distasteful.
What was the evolution of the official numbers of the Holocaust since 1945 until now?
If World War III broke out, would post-World War II Allied restrictions on the Wehrmacht be removed?
If Nazi Germany had never risen, would the USSR and the USA have eventually clashed, vying for world dominance?
If the Axis powers won in WW2, how would they have treated the Allied countries that would have surrendered (Australia, Britain, America, New Zealand, etc.)?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
What would have happened if the allies had captured the entirety of Nazi Germany in 1945?
Can civilian deaths be justified during World War II?
How long the world war 2 had continued (in Europe) if allied troops started operation overlord in early 1943?
Why is Russia often disregarded in the West as the nation that truly ended World War 2?
Why did the Germans make an alliance with Italy during WW2, if they knew at the time the Italian army was terrible?
When did the allies discover to the fullest extent the nature of the concentration camps?
What did the Germans think when they saw US tanks swimming ashore during D-day?
How did the fascists come to power?
If Europe was destroyed today to the same extent as after WW2, how would the power vacuum play out?
I want to learn about World War II, which books should I read?
How did African Americans help in World War I?
Did the U.S. infantry wear hats under their helmets throughout World War II and the Vietnam War?
Why did Germany enter WW2?
What is the purpose of detonating an atomic bomb? Why do those militaries make atomic bombs?
During World War I, did the French Foreign Legion fight only the Germans?
Russia and America fought WW2 together. They had a good relationship. What happened then?
Why don't the Japanese admit their war crimes to other Asian nations?
Was the Holocaust profitable for Nazi Germany?
What position/job does Hitler have in WW2?
What are some important facts of World War 2 evacuees?
How might the war have played out differently if Germany utilised their Jews for military purposes instead of slaughtering them during World War 2?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
How do Stalin and Hitler compare as war leaders? Who was better?
Why did so many Soviet soldiers die in WWII?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in Second World War hadn't exploded?
If a completely secular Jew never told anyone he was Jewish, would the Nazis have known to arrest him?
Despite the obvious objections of all Jews everywhere, what other locations were seriously considered to establish the Jewish State?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
How did France get nuclear technology after WW2 when they were an overrun, recaptured country with a ruined economy?
What was Adolf Hitler’s favorite book?
Since WWII, how much and how often have US and UK foreign policy differed?
Why did the Italian Army perform so poorly in North Africa during WW2? Were they able to make any real contribution to the Axis war efforts?
If Stalin was supplying the Germans during WWII, why did the Germans attack Soviet Union to obtain supplies?
What was the name of the Axis response to the Allied "Operation Market Garden"?
How did a German soldier end up in the SS-Totenkopfverbände?
How would the world play out today if Japan nuked Pearl Harbor?
Did Nagasaki and Hiroshima have a nuclear winter after the bombs?
What if Poland had modern day US weapons during WWII?
How would WWII have been different if the US had B-36s?
Why is Hitler made to look worse than Stalin, who brought the world to the brink of nuclear destruction? Was it to justify the prior Western Alliance with Stalin, which enable him in the first place?
What did German crews think of the Jagdpanther?
What is a summary (short or long) of WW2 tanks?
What's more terrifying than having to pick up and defuse land mines in WW2?
Who had the highest number of aircraft in WW2?
Was Springtime for Hitler an actual play?
Did Winston Churchill believe that the Cold War was for the good of humanity?
Did the Korean conscripts for the Japanese military in WW2 surrender more often than their Japanese counterparts?
If Germany had won WW2 and beaten the USA, would the Nazis have discovered brutal experiments by the Americans?
Could the League of Nations stop Hitler?
How did the Allies and Axis view the Americans in WWII?
You've been given command of the Singapore garrison two years prior to the outbreak of WW2. What changes do you make, and can you avoid eventual defeat?
What caused more deaths in WW2: artillery or small arms?
For a WWII novel, why would a German 18-21-year-old man possibly be living in England or the US so that he speaks English and can be enlisted by the SOE?
What did Hitler do with his power?
What could have been done on 1 September 1939 (when Germany invaded Poland)?
Why is the royal navy so small now compared to what it was in WW2?
How did the United States justify withholding nuclear research from the United Kingdom after WWII, despite the contribution of British scientists?
British Typhoon units at the closing of the Falaise Pocket had a high rate of blue on blue fire. Was this also true for American CAS?
What was the German air force like during WW2?
What do people think about this: "the grand mosque of Paris helped Jews escape the Nazis by giving them Muslim IDs during WW2"?
What are the steps Nazi Germany could have taken in 1933-1935 which would help them in winning the war?
What songs could be used to describe the countries in WWII?
What would have happened to the Allied war effort if Germany had successfully invaded Great Britain before attacking the Soviet Union?
What if Hitler was a good guy?
What if Operation Unthinkable happened?
Were Mormons (LDS) targeted in the Holocaust?
Did the battlegrounds of World War II recover?
Who played the parts of Japanese soldiers in American WWII films, during that conflict?
What did Americans think of the Japanese during World War 2?
If you had been a major leader of a European country in 1936-1939, how would you have stopped Hitler from amassing an empire while preventing a large scale war?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
Can a WW2 panzerfaust destroy a modern tank like an Abrams?
Was the Polish-Soviet war one of the main reasons why the Soviets invaded Poland in 1939?
What was happening in Israel during the mass slaughter of Jews during the rule of Hitler?
What would happen if Hitler were to come back?
Why didn't the Allies attack Russia, after conquering Germany in 1945?
What was the impact of World War II on India’s economy?
Is there any symbolism to a human tooth hidden in a firearm's grip?
Why is Germany the only country in the world that acknowledges having done wrong and feels guilty for the crimes committed in the Second World War?
What were the great measures of the Nazi Germany?
Are the alleged German atrocities in WW2 true?
What would have happened if the Second World War had never taken place?
What did US politicians hate more before World War 2, communism or fascism?
How strong was the US Navy power in the Atlantic in WW2?
Can you show me a timeline of World War II?
Why did Hitler consider Slavic people to be "Asiatic"?
How was economic revitalization important for the rearmament of Nazi Germany?
How/why did Stavka choose the name "Operation Uranus" for Stalingrad's encirclement?
Where can I watch a full World War 1 documentary with good quality?
What role has the United States played in East Asia's regional security since the end of World War II?
How did the Germans remove Nazism and Hitler from German history?
In WW2, if Germany decided to make aircraft carriers, would they have won the war?
If the Me 109 had drop tanks in the BoB, could it have changed the outcome?
With such extensive sea lines, why didn’t Japan follow the example of British Empire and totally neglected the building of convoy escorts during WWII?
How effective was the 88 in WW2?
What Jewish artists did Hitler hate most?
What is the point of having nukes? We could've stopped using them after WWII.
What happened in Bad Gastein, Austria during World War Two?
Could Sixth Army have broken out of Stalingrad if it had ignored Hitler and tried just after the Russians had closed the ring?
Do narcissists empathize or even sympathize with holocaust survivors?
Who was the Red Army in WWII?
Did the United States betray Japan in WW2 by suddenly embargoing their oil after being their sole providers?
What did the Nazis think of Germans who were white, not slavic but had brown hair?
Did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have military significance or were they purely civilian targets?
Which is the best book about Wold War I and World War II?
After WW2, why did Germany and Japan go on to become economic powers, while Russia/China pretty much self-destructed?
Was Hitler killed, or did he run to safety? He did not commit suicide.
Why didn't the Japanese invade Russia in WW2?
What would have happened if Germany had colonies in Asia & Africa during the Nazi regime? Will have they been wiped out or will Germans make up stuff?
In WW2, Hitler didn't use his massive supply of gas weapons. Is it likely that in a WW3 scenario, no one would use nuclear weapons?
Why did Japan choose to attack the USA and the British Empire simultaneously instead of only attacking the British Empire during WWII?
What if America had declared war on the Axis in 1939, when the war started?
Why does everybody talk about going back in time to kill Hitler? If we were going back in time to kill Charles Darwin, we would have no evolutionism, no Hitler, and no atom bomb.
How much leave did the German soldiers get towards the end of WW2 when they were getting harassed from all sides?
Why did the Soviet Union withdraw from Manchuria despite defeating Japan in WWII?
If Nazi Germany won WW2 would there be an apology for the holocaust?
Why did the United States go to such great lengths to restore and reinvigorate the economies of Germany and Japan post-WWII?
During WWII, why did the Japanese choose to use only 2 fleet carriers and a light carrier for the capture of Port Moresby, instead of a bigger carrier force?
What were the most reliable side arms and rifles used in World War II?
What was the first image of the Holocaust?
What would happen if Germany, after defeat in WW1, collapsed and then erupted in civil war like in Syria today?
Could the Nazis have come up with a better economic policy in 1933? If yes, what would've been the main components of the policy?
Why does Antifa keep calling people Nazis? Wasn't Hitler a socialist?
Who had better fighter planes during WW2, Germans or Russians?
How do the Germans look back at WW2 in the present day?
Why was Hitler against communists?
What would have happened if the Red Army hadn't been purged? What would have been the outcome of the Winter War and WWII?
How many Jews would have died if the neighbour countries would have taken them all in, instead of sending them back?
If Japan had managed to sink the entire US navy during WW2, would they even been able to invade US mainland?
How and why could the Nazis strike a deal (economic) with UK in 1933 during Ramsey MacDonald's reign?
How did Hitler achieve his goal of taking Czechoslovakia?
If we gave Germans in 1941 the modern weapons the US has today (except nuclear bombs), would they have won the war?
What colour badge did "race mixers" receive in the Nazi concentration camps?
What are some facts about France during World War 2?
Was World War 1 more chaotic than World War 2?
What are some of the greatest conspiracy theories about World War 2?
Is admiring Hitler wrong?
What would have happened if the invasion of Sicily turned out to be a total failure and the Western Allies had an armistice with Italy and Germany?
Is Germany working quietly on a world domination tactic through economical means?
What were/are the typical post war poverty foods in Albania (i.e. after WWII)?
Are discussions on Hitler, the Holocaust, and WWII taboo in Germany?
What would have happened if Germany had started WWII five years later?
Why was not the "circle of sun" (called 日之丸 in China) banned in Japan after WWII?
Why did the Soviets get massacred at Narva 1944?
Were V2 weapons used in WWII, or were they only in the development stage?
Where did all the money to finance America's participation in the Second World War come from?
What was South America's role in WWII?
How did the German Nazis fund their enormous war effort?
What had India gained after the end of World War II?
Which human being in the world's entire history has saved the most people (e.g., Oskar Schindler, who saved 1200 Jews during WW2 by purchasing them)?
Why were the Nazis so obsessed with Norse mythology?
How underrated was Greece in World War 2?
What were the available jobs for women in WW2?
What was the United States' president contribution during WW2?
How was life in Austria for an average citizen during the German annexation (the Anschluss)?
Were the companies involved in the holocaust punished for that?
What would have happened if, after WW2, USA had turned communist and the USSR had turned capitalist?
Did the Japanese succeed in invading Singapore?
How were the Japanese treated in the internment camps during World War II?
During WWII, did the USA have sufficient forces to make a landing at Okinawa instead of Peleliu and Morotai (and later Leyte) in September 1944? What would probably have been the outcome of that action?
How much did the Holocaust cost Nazi Germany?
Why were Nazis like Lammerding and von Below not prosecuted after the war?
How did Hitler react to losses?
In the era of World War II, was it easier to train a good fighter pilot or a competent bomber crew?
How many people were killed in the Holocaust overall?
Did Hitler become more parliamentary towards the end? And how did he get rid of all parties?
During WWII, how did the IJN expect to defeat the USN when Japan had only 4 dry docks for building large capital ships?
What would have happened if Germany launched an attack to the West in WW2, but some of their armies getting lost moving and then they found themselves in battle of WW1?
If the Germans had seized Moscow in 1941, how would it have affected the Leningrad front?
Were there any Jewish people left in East Germany (The GDR) after WW2 and during the Cold War?
What were German prisoners of war camps like?
When did World War ll end, and why?
Why does nobody admit that FDR was much like Hitler? Both had health issues, were tyrants in the 1930s, and imprisoned ethnic groups.
What are the main facts and events of Hitler's childhood? (Read the description.)
If the soldiers of the Wehrmacht in 1939 had all been armed with H&K G3 rifles, how would that have changed the outcome of the War?
What were Hitler’s favorite shows?
How was life in Czechoslovakia during the German occupation?
What was the clothing like in World War 2?
What would have happened if Germany had declared war in WW1 with WW2-standard weapon equipment and tools?
Why was the bombing of Pearl Harbor a failure?
How did the Norwegian royal family escape from German occupation during World War 2?
How should the Tiger II be played in World of Tanks?
How could Japan (a small country in Asia) happen to be dominant during WWII, for a period of time?
How much of an advantage did the British gain during WWII thanks to the invention of the sonar?
What events made a Christmas truce memorable during World War 1 & 2?
What would have happened if Hitler had not failed at being an artist in Vienna?
What did Hitler plan to do about neutral countries?
Why did the USA choose to drop atomic bombs on Japan instead of just waiting for Operation Starvation to make Japan surrender?
Why did the US justify Japanese Internment?
Were there any unsuccessful technological developments in Nazi Germany which could've helped them win the war?
What would have happened if the Allies continued the blockade of Germany and didn't attack?
What happened to the Rothschild family during WW2?
Why didn't Leningrad civilians just run to the Germans?
Were there many battles between a single destroyer and a German u-boat in WW2, such as depicted in the movie "The Enemy Below"?
Would a change in foreign policy in 1933-1934 by Nazi Germany have helped them win the war?
If a high-ranked military professional from the present became Hitler's trusted advisor on January 15, 1945, would it have been possible to prolong the war until 1946?
What was America's role in the early stages in WWII?
How was Hitler childhood like?
What happened to Hitler's body after the Battle of Berlin?
Why is it that Japan was able to progress so much after WWII, but not the Philippines?
During WWII, did any Americans fight with the Soviets, in the Soviet Union, against the Germans?
What was Adolf Hitler's attitude towards Islam and Muslims?
During the first stages of the Battle of Midway, why did the Japanese not choose to use B5Ns or D3As for reconnaissance?
How was the Luftwaffe created in 1933-1935, before the official announcement?
How long would it take for Japan to surrender if operation downfall was a go?
How good were the British during WW2?
How many people are there who deny the Holocaust?
How did life in Japanese-occupied countries compare to life in Nazi-occupied countries?
Is it true that Japan treated American prisoners of war badly during the Pacific war?
What is the secret behind the Nazi war machinery light years ahead in technology than their Allied & other Axis counterparts?
How did a small, landlocked, neutral Switzerland manage to obtain food during both World Wars?
During WW2, who bombed first, UK or Germany?
In WWII, are there any stories about soldiers who die in the same place their fathers did in WWI?
How did World War 2 affect literature?
What would the Second world War have been like if Hitler's goal was the complete extermination of the French people?
What did the Berlin embassies of neutral nations such as Sweden and Switzerland do during the last days of Nazi Germany? Did they flee or stay?
When was the last time World War II era guns were used in combat?
How long were the Japanese in the internment camps?
How did the war on the eastern front differ from the western front?
How could the Luftwaffe have been more effective and better?
Is it accurate that Hitler's generals advised him, Germany would not be ready for war until 1946?
What did the world look like during World War II?
Was there a battle to retake Singapore during WW2 or did Japan just abandon it or surrender?
What was it like for Indian soldiers fighting in WW2? Was India at threat of being taken over by the Japanese?
Is China's role in WWII fighting the Japanese underappreciated?
Was Hitler trying to restore the German Empire?
What was Benito Moussolini's take on the treatment of Jews by Hitler's Germany?
Is the French-German border the same today as it was in 1939 (before WW2)?
Are German WW2 casualty statistics accurate?
Despite the obvious objections of all Jews everywhere, what other locations were seriously considered to establish the Jewish State?
What would the Japanese and Chinese ancestors of their World War 2-era descendants think of the second Sino-Japanese War?
What if Japan had modern weapons from right now in WW2?
Were Jewish converts to Christianity, before Nazi Germany (1800-1930), more successful academically than their Orthodox counterparts?
How good were the Imperial Japanese forces during WW2, compared to the UK, USA, German and Soviet forces?
Do Nazi fans resent Japan for attacking Pearl Harbor, resulting in the US participation in the war?
What nation sacrificed the most during WWII?
How do you explain the reasons for Germany starting both world wars?
Are the main weapons systems (tanks, aircraft carriers, fighter jets) leftovers of WW2, ready to be swept away by the next conflict?
If we have a Holocaust Remembrance Day, etc., why isn't there any observance to mark the victims of Soviet Communism, namely victims of Lenin, Stalin?
What was life like on Corsica during the Second World War?
Could the post-depression USA have been invaded and defeated if Germany, the British Empire, France, the Soviets and Japan helped each other?
How did the Battle of Leyte Gulf affect the course of WW2?
If Hitler hadn't existed or wasn't healed by a medic, who would have replaced him, and would WW2 have happened?
How would WWII have ended if a massive alien fleet had attacked the earth?
What were the major problems faced by the third Reich and how were they tackled post the enabling act of 1933?
What is the aesthetic, sociohistorical, and formal analysis of this art: "I Embody Revolt," Helio Oiticica, P15 Cape 11, 1967?
If World War III were to happen, would it be the same as the other two world wars, or would something different happen?
If you were Adolf Hitler's wife, what would you say to him before he would make war?
Is it true that Australia planned to cede its north to Japan if it was invaded in WW2?
Was Germany a backward country before Hitler?
Which facts support the theory that Hitler ran to South America?
Why did the Japanese military want 'comfort women' (more questions in the details)?
How have the Czechs taken responsibility for their extensive atrocities and murder of the German population after World War II?
Is Emperor Hirohito demonized in Asia just as Hitler is demonized in the Occident?
How would the world play out today if Japan nuked Pearl Harbor?
What makes Japan (a little country in Asia) dominating in a period of time back in WWII?
What were the shipbuilding programs of USN, per year, just before and during WWII?
Would the Axis have won WWII if Japan did not attack Pearl Harbor and Hitler did not attack Russia?
Did Hitler's regime build the first motorways?
What do you think is causing the increase in atheists today? Did major catastrophic events, such as WW2, cause a sharp drop-off in religious people?
If the US had used an atomic bomb against Germany in World War II, which city would they have chosen? Weren't most of them already destroyed by 1945?
Some believe the US administration's major policies resemble those of the Third Reich. What do you think best represents the two governments?
Who did Hitler love?
Is there a documentary of the period between World War 1 and World War 2?
What if Soviet Union attacked Germany first in WW2?
Despite winning two world wars and colonising most of Africa, Asia and North America, Britain and France are not as strong as Germany economically. Why is that?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
What major decisions should the Third Reich have made in 1933-1935 to help them win the world war?
What would have happened if America had declared war on the triple alliance Powers in 1914, at the start of the war?
How come the Russians didn't care about throwing their country folk lives out fighting Germans in WW2?
Why are there questions about World Wars 1 and 2 on Quora if saying the opposite of common knowledge is forbidden/banned?
Would it have been better if the USA made a temporary alliance with Nazi Germany to fight the Soviet Union?
Did the Japanese and the Germans trade in torpedo technology during WW2?
Which of the two World Wars do you like to learn about the most?
What are some subheadings for the topic Hitler as a cause for WW2? E.g., Treaty of Versailles, etc.
What did the Axis powers call the Allies?
How did the US’s neutrality change as WWII events unfolded?
What was the worst concentration camp?
Did any World War Two PoW camps have brothels for the soldiers to use?
What would have happened if the NSDAP became a terrorist organization after the war ended in 1945?
If France and Poland invaded Germany today, what would be the German reaction? How would the rest of the world respond?
What made World War 2 worse?
Why did the US originally want to stay out of the war?
If the Germans had never blockaded Britain in WW1, would the US have still entered the war? Would there be a possibility of them joining the Germans?
Could the Nazis have developed an intelligence agency in 1933 which would've help them win the war? If yes, how?
Was allied leadership in WW2 effective?
Who treated their captives the worst in WWII, Germany or Japan?
What is the secret behind the Hitler's death?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
How could a Soviet POW become a "Hiwi" in WW2?
Why are so many Red Army memorials kept in such good condition in Germany while many German WWII memorials look very old and decayed?
Why was Soviet Union accepted by the Allies when they had a pact with Germany during the early stages of WWII?
Given that almost all UK fire engine turntable ladders were German in WW2, how were they maintained for their crucial role?
How did world war two affect woman's economic role in the U.S?
Were South Africa's cities predominantly white before the outbreak of World War Two?
What's the breakdown of the millions besides Jews killed in the Holocaust?
How many Hitler sympathizers are there in the world now?
When did German commanders realise that Normandy was the main invasion site and there would not be a second invasion at Pas de Calais?
Is Leopold II another version of Hitler?
How did the Japanese feel when they lost in World War Two?
When did World War II really start? I'm asking because WolframAlpha stated that it started on September 3, 1939.
What did the Germans think of Hungarian and Romanian soldiers during WW2 on the eastern front? Are there any instances of them working together?
What would have become of Spain if the Axis had won WWII?
When did the Soviet Air Force start to use drop tanks in World War 2?
How can wars become world wars?
If the Nazis won and we were under a modern Nazi Germany, would we still feel bad about the Holocaust?
What campaigns did the US contribute to in WW2?
Have the 'foo fighters' ever been seen since WWII?
What if the Allies kept fighting WWII against the Soviet Union?
Did the last Amish families disappear from Germany during World War Two?
What was Hitler's opinion of Bulgaria?
What actually happened to the Nazi & Japanese war criminals (both military & corporate) after WW2?
Is World War Two still going on?
How close are we to another world war?
How many divisions did the Red Army have in 1945, compared to the Germans?
Were gay men who had survived Hitler's concentration camps put back into prison by West Germany?
When did Himmler realize that World War 2 was over?
What are some good books for learning about WWII?
Did Hitler really find The Great Dictator movie funny?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
If Hitler had retaken Leningrad, then captured Stalingrad, and on the other side Russia had kept their stand in Moscow, what would Stalin’s next plan have been?
Why did Italy join the side of Germany and Japan in the World War 2?
Can a modern US carrier be sunk with WWII era torpedoes, assuming they find their mark?
How did the Germans transport Allied POWs?
What are some quotes about the Nazi holocaust in Germany?
What are some negative attitudes towards the German WW2 reenactment community?
How did World War 2 end, and how did it impact the civilization?
On US WW2 warships, what is the deck made of?
To what extent does popular support for Nazism explain Hitler's rise to power?
Did WW2 fighters protect the pilot against machine gun fire?
Which combat weapon gave the greatest tactical advantage in WW2?
What were the axis and allies in World War 2?
How many blacks served in WWII?
What was Hitler's opinion of Romania?
What was life like in Tripoli, Libya during the Second World War?
What would have happened if World War II had actually started in 1949?
Who would win, Jimmy Patterson (Medal of Honor: Frontline) or Jack Reese (Pokemon Mystery Dungeon)?
Where would Hitler be now if he didn't commit suicide?
How many books have been written on Adolf Hitler?
What did the Howling Commandos do after the war?
What was the role of Spain in World War II?
Did the prisoners of Sachsenhausen labour camp get identification tattoos in WW2?
If Rommel had not flooded the marshes of Normandy, how would it have affected the Allied invasion?
Did USAAF pilots in WW2 have call signs?
How could Hitler save Germany after 1943?
Was the Rogue One battle on Scarif inspired by the Pacific theater of war in WWII?
Did any of the Allied leaders (minus Stalin) know about the gulags during WWII?
Were there any notable Polish Soldiers in WW2?
Why is European Russia indefensible militarily?
What was North Korea doing during WW2?
Where do you hide a cyanide capsule in your mouth?
Why did youths support Hitler and the Nazi Party? What was it about Hitler that appealed to the young people of Germany? How did they benefit?
In recordings of Fritz Saukel's testimony at Nuremberg, I hear children's voices. Why do we hear children at his trial and not at the other trials?
What does the recoil look like on World War II planes when they fire machine cannons?
Why did Hitler never conquer Caucasus first to secure the oil fields and then take Stalingrad as a second priority?
If the Nazis hadn't had their camps, would FDR be looked upon worse due to the internment of Japanese Americans?
What would Hitler think of hip-hop?
Why have all the world wars happened in Europe?
If Hitler was brought back in time, what would he do differently?
How good was the WWII Luftwaffe before being seriously weakened?
Did the Japanese during WW2 have spies in Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, like Germany did?
Why did Hitler terrorize the Jews? Was it religion or politics?
Did the Command & Conquer: Red Alert games help indirectly to spread the myth that the USSR would have invaded Europe had Germany not attacked the USSR?
Why couldn't the USSR defeat Finland in WW2?
Were WWI veterans eligible for the WWII draft?
Why didn't the Allied forces do more to punish war criminals in WW2?
Why does the WWII Me-163 Komet have a service ceiling of 12,100 m when it has a climb rate of 160 m/s at that altitude?
What are some amazing photos of the French resistance in WW2?
What would happen if Hitler return?
How did World War 2 give India independence?
Why did the German army give up in WW1 even though they didn't get invaded?
What is the post 1945 order?
Why didn't the German military topple Hitler right after the death of President Field Marshall von Hindenburg?
How much did Hitler know about the Holocaust?
Why does Japan always remind the world of the atrocities committed against Asian countries during World War II?
What percentage of Pu-239 went unexploded at Nagasaki?
If it did actually happen, what would explain Japanese soldiers' cannibalism of Australian prisoners in WW2?
How are military POWs treated and secured immediatley after capture?
How did Nazi SS react when they had to do Hitler's dirty work?
What were Hitler’s approval ratings during WWII?
What were the successes of the Nazis until 1939?
What was life in the trenches like during WW2?
Were new (towed) anti-tank guns developed after WW2?
My wife's grandmother had money stolen by the Nazis during WWII. Is there any way to recover this money?
Who were the Allies during WW2?
What are the similarities/differences between European fascism before WWII and Latin American right-wing dictatorships during the Cold War?
At the end of World War 2, if America and Britain had decided to go to war against the USSR or vice-versa, who would have won? Why?
For those who believe WWIII will not happen due to the rationality of humans, were WWI and II started for rational reasons?
What unarmed combat system was used during WW2?
How do I know if I have Hitler's signature?
How was the Battle of Berlin similar & different to Stalingrad?
If Hitler had not mistreated the Ukrainians and other peoples of Soviet Union, could Germany have conquered Russia?
What was the composition of Panzer Group Kleist during the invasion of France (May 1940) in World War II?
Did Italy join the Nazis because they didn't get what they were promised in the Treaty of Versailles?
How were Liberty ships built?
What would have happened if Italy hadn't surrendered in World War 2?
Are German U-Boats still trying to sink American merchant ships going to the UK or did that mostly end after WW2?
If the Allies didn't pitch in, would Stalingrad have been taken over?
What was transportation like during World War 2?
Is the word "Amazigh" a historical fabrication to trick people that dates back to the end of the WWII era?
Why was Adolf Hitler such a genocidal warlord?
How many German soldiers were executed for rape during WWII? How many American? How many Soviets?
What would've happened if the USA joined the Axis powers in WWII?
If 56 year old Hitler was the leader during WW1, and Wilhelm Kaiser II was the leader during WW2, what would be the outcomes for both World Wars?
What was the smallest battleship used in World War II?
How would you envisage the world after a third world war?
Is there anything good that the USA did during WWII for ending the war?
Did any pilots selected to be Kamikazes chicken out by flying back?
What were the strategies used by China in World War 2?
Who are the soldiers that saved the most people in WW2?
What was the First World War called before the Second World War happened?
Was Adolf Hitler a great speaker?
What were ration books during World War II?
Was Japan being fearful of US planes in the Philippines attacking their oil shipments from the Dutch East Indies rational?
How much shorter would World War II have been if Operation Market Garden was a success?
How do I obtain blueprints for World War 2 tanks and artillery guns?
Did Mussolini really say Stalin created "Red fascism"?
How did WW2 change Ukraine's economy?
If Hitler had bypassed Poland and just attacked the Soviet Union full force, and then later attacked Poland to trigger a war with the rest of the Allied forces, could he have won?
If the Japanese didn't have the resources to replace losses, why did they try to invade so many places?
Why didn't Stalin save his son after he got captured by the Germans?
Did the US become more militaristic after World War Two?
Who started WWII?
The T34 is regarded as the greatest tank design of WW2, but does its bad equipment ruin the vehicle regardless of its excellent design?
How did Europe recover after Word War 2?
Did the 1940 invasion of Norway cause significant damage to Nazi sea power?
During WWII why did German doctors heal enemy soldiers?
What was it like in Russia after WW2?
Who manufactured Nazi bayonets?
How could the Axis alliance have prevented the Dunkirk evacuation?
What are some things that were made/started/trace their origin to Nazi Germany?
How was it like for a American to come back home from WW2?
Is the EU the Fourth German Reich?
Would Germany have fared better if it entered a total war economy in 1939?
Without the English Channel, would Britain have been defeated by Nazi Germany?
Why did nationalism grow in European nations after World War II?
How would you upgrade a WWII tank to be effective as possible on the modern battlefield?
If WW2 and the Nazis had never happened, how technologically-advanced would we be now?
Since 1914, what has been the biggest war not including the 2 world wars?
What, in your opinion, are the top three reasons for Germany losing World War 2 and why?
If the Soviet Union capitulated with the Nazis, would Germany have won the war?
Did the USAAF in WW2 use modern terminology like "bogey" and "bandit"?
Is it true that thousands of Catholic priests were interred in Dachau during the Third Reich?
Why did no one except for the British adopt unguided anti-tank rockets mounted to the sides of AFVs during the 2nd World War?
What if after Mons the Dunkirk evacuation had taken place in WWI? Would there have been a Battle of Britain or possible threat of invasion?
Would the Chinese ever want to get back at Japan for all the atrocities from WWII?
What role did Hitler have in World War 1?
On Anzac Day in WW2, did the Anzacs attack Turkey or the Ottoman Empire?
After World War II, did the allies give any serious consideration to backing a restored Hohenzollern monarchy?
What would happen if the Japanese were able to hold Guadalcanal?
During the bombing of Japan in WWII, why didn't General LeMay first try conventional bombing from 5,000 feet, before switching to firebombing?
What did Stalin think of the Holocaust?
In the 1930s, were southern Germans more anti-Semitic yet less pro-Nazis than northern Germans?
If the battles of World War 2 had been "fought" through games of chess, who would have won the war?
What was it like to be a Japanese American during WWII?
Who would win all of WW2, Europe or modern United States?
What percentage of houses were destroyed during Adolf Hitler’s war in Germany during World War II?
What is the film where about 300 Japanese troops refuse to surrender after the war ends, the Americans convince them, then leave the jungle marching?
Do you know a WWII veteran that is willing to tell their story?
What political position did Syria take after achieving its independence at the end of the Second World War?
How would you rank the three Axis leaders (Hitler, Mussolini, and *Tojo/Hirohito) from worst to best?
Did Hitler think that what he was doing was actually right or did he knowingly do evil?
Which is worse, Nazis or Daesh?
How were the Nigerians affected by both World Wars?
Is there an service that can provide me with historical documents such as transcripts from Trent Park during WW2?
What percentage of houses were destroyed in Germany by Hitler?
Did the US keep their entire fleet after WW2?
Could today's Italy defeat WW2 Germany?
Where on the Internet can you find three minutes of John Ford's D-Day documentary?
Where can I find an overview of covert communication systems from World War 2?
During the ceremonies in Japan devoted to the memory of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, why is the USA never mentioned as being guilty of the tragedy?
What species of animals were used during World War II (except for dogs and pigeons, obviously)?
Was the bombing of Al-Shifa justified?
When was the last date that Germany was still winning World War 2?
How many Germans were actual members of the Nazi party in 1939?
How did the people in the USSR react to winning WW2?
What was Nazi Germany's approach against capitalism?
After WW2, the allies made German civilians walk past photos of the horrors in the camps. They walked past laughing. Why did they think it was funny?
How influencal was Dr. Todt to Hitler concerning technological matters?
Using modern medical technologies, would it be possible to save the World War II general Nikolai Vatutin from death?
If Hitler saw Russia today, what would he think?
Do Americans regret the nuclear attack on Japan? If not, how would you feel personally if you had been attacked by it?
How do I find Hitler's followers online?
Was it right to put Japanese-Americans in camps during WWII? Was there a real danger coming from their community?
What Indian Army units, particularly artillery, took part in the North African and Italian campaigns in WWII?
What would happen if Mussolini had joined the Allies?
How long was a medical degree in the UK during WWII?
How was Hitler stopped?
Many of us have started to talk about World War 3. What is the reason behind that?
Would an invasion of Britain have been inevitable had Operation Barbarossa been successful?
How could Germany be so powerful as to almost win World War II without having any big colonies and big powers by its side?
Do students from countries not involved in WW2 learn about it in school?
How well did the US military perform in World War II?
If the US were to enter a wartime economy, would it be as great as it was in WWII?
Are there statistics available for Panzer Crew casualties for the Germans during Operation Barbarossa & Operation Taifun?
Which public companies in the aerospace, defense, and intelligence sectors made the biggest revenues during WWII? Who were their trading partners?
Was Iceland bombed at all during WW2?
Could the Allies have defeated Nazi Germany if they had cut of Germany's oil supplies from Romania in 1942?
When did the U.S. government know about "The Final Solution", the extermination of the Jewish people, during World War II?
What if Sauron and the forces of Mordor joined the World War 2?
Why was the USS Constitution awarded a World War II Victory Medal?
What would the world in 2017 look like if Germany had won World War II (total victory on every front)?
As global tensions rise, who will be the Axis and Allies of WW3?
Why didn't the US drop nuclear bombs on USSR just after the ending of WWII?
Which countries gave support for WW2 but never declared war on either side?
What was the percentage of houses destroyed by Adolf Hitler’s Earth scourge mission during the Second World War?
If Hitler saw Germany today, what would he think?
What’s the reason for the craze for Baahubali 2 world wide?
Would China have become a colony of Japan if the latter did not attack Pearl Harbor and the US did not enter WWII?
How long would a tank have lasted before being destroyed during WWII?
Who were some important people during World War 2?
Is there undeniable evidence that Hitler was responsible for death of 6 million Jews?
Do you think the Third World War is happening now?
The late George Carlin once stated that Germany lost WWII but fascism won. Was he right?
How would the Allied attack on Normandy in 1944 have been different if modern aircraft had been available?
What was it like for you fighting in WW2 or having a loved one fighting in the war?
If you lived in the house of Adolf Hitler (or similar) when he was still developing his ideologies, is the holocaust your fault?
What was Hitler’s next plan after being defeated by Stalingrad in the Great Patriotic War?
Why did America retaliate when Pearl Harbor was attacked?
What if Hitler had allowed the British army to escape France unharmed and then ceased hostilities against Great Britain?
Near the end of the war, how did Hitler keep his power?
About how many people in the USA had both mother and father in the US Armed Forces during World War II?
How would the Soviet Union react if Japan defeated China during World War 2?
Were flamethrowers used on the Western front in WWII?
Was the Tunisian Jewish community persecuted during WWII?
How would World War 2 have ended if Soviet Union was also an Axis Power?
Why didn’t the Germans use their most advanced secret weapons during World War II?
What characteristics define rationing WW2?
Would America have gotten into WW2 if Japan wouldn't have attacked America's stuff?
How could fascism survive in several countries after WW2?
It's 1941 and Hitler dies of a heart attack, the new leader is Erwin Rommel. How do you think the war would have gone and what events would have taken place?
Was the forced labour of German civilians after WWII, ethical?
Could Italy have started World War II instead of Germany?
How did the Berlin Airlift end?
Is there a book that explains how and why the Holocaust happened?
Did Hitler's eugenics programs have any lasting effects on the German or occupied people?
Could WWII have been prevented if somebody assassinated Churchill?
Are Muslims today the new Jews of pre-World War Two?
What would have happened if Hitler had not died?
Why did Germany wait with full war production until 1943?
How different would the Middle East have been, had Germany won WW2?
Did the Nazi invasion of Denmark come as a surprise, or had the Danes expected it for a long time?
Who will be on Australia’s side, if WW3 breaks out with North Korea?
Did Patton really say we should team up with the rest of Germany & put an end to Stalin who was just as bad as Hitler?
Why didn't Hitler and the Nazi empire attack to the east?
What were the religious views of the Nazis?
Why did Hitler not order his troops to quickly circle Moscow, thereby reducing Russia’s counteroffensive initiatives before winter came?
What would have happened if D-Day had never happened and the Red Army had marched through Nazi occupied Europe to the French coast?
Is the news about WW3 between North Korea and America true or is it just a hoax?
Were Germans proud of their obvious military technology advantage during WWII?
What are the secrets of Hitler's charisma?
What would Sri Lanka look like if the Axis powers had won World War 2?
Did any soldier hide during WW2 only to emerge after the war?
What was worse: life in Nazi Germany or life in the medieval times?
Why do I sympathize with germans for loosing WWII?
When did Dr. Bunsaku Arakatsu become president of Konan University in Kobe, Japan?
If you were in a tank battle during WW2, which WW2 medium tank would you like to have?
What were the short-term effects of World War II?
Is there a shady American benefactor/s that make massive profits from restructured industries in Japan and Germany after WW2?
Are you a former member of the 5th Scottish Parachute Battalion?
Does the Japanese government include Hitler’s “Mein Kampf" in the Japanese schoolbooks for Japanese children to copy Hitler, the idol of Japan?
Did anyone ever serve in the American Civil War and WWI or WWII?
Was Taiwan used as the bread basket for Japan during World War 2?
What would have happened to Western Germany if the threat of the Soviet Union and Communism wasn't so strong after WWII?
In WWII, were there any benefits for voluntarily going to fight as opposed to just waiting to be drafted?
What are some heroic tales of World War ll soldiers?
Did Adolf Hitler know about the death camps at all?
Did the Polish mind their country being shifted westwards after WWII?
Was the London Bridge bombed during WW2?
If you were in charge of a personal, World War II-era army, what would be their equipment, weapons, and uniforms be like?
What were Hitler's political beliefs?
If Jews and Slavs are racial Caucasoids, why did Hitler want to exterminate them?
How did World War II affect French politics and society?
Is the evil Japanese portrayed in American WWII propaganda posters Tojo Hideki or Emperor Hirohito?
What does D-Day refer to?
What percentage of German men were killed during WW2?
Why did world leaders, post-WWII, feel the need to pardon Nazi war criminals?
Why didn't the US drop atomic bombs on Manchuria as a warning to the Japanese, the Soviets, and Chinese Maoists during WWII?
Is it true that Hitler first supported Christianity and later opposed it?
How would have WW2 been different if the US Army fought the Japanese, while the Marines fought Germany?
How powerful is the MOAB used on Afganistan as compared to atomic bombs used on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
To what extent did the breaking of Purple cipher help the American to win the Battle of Midway?
Why do some people believe that the Holocaust never took place?
Who was better at bombing the other in WW2, Britain or Germany?
Did the US build French tanks in WW2?
Why were Nazis the main bad guys in WW2 when the Japanese killed more and did more damage?
If the Nazis had not persecuted the Jews - would they have been seen as the good guys against the USSR?
Did the US warn the people of Hiroshima about the bombing, and if so, did any of them leave?
What does the WW2 generation of English people think of Americans/America?
Did Hitler really commit suicide?
Not including heavy bombing campaigns, did Western Allied forces mainly go out of their way to avoid civilian casualties?
How does the German bombing of Belgrade on April 1941 parallel the German bombing of Guernica, Spain on April 1937?
Should we exterminate the Nazis?
Tiger (Panzer VI) or Panther (Panzer V)? Which would you rather command?
How can you describe Korea's participation during WW2?
What happened to prisoners in Europe during WWII? (Not POW)
Why were there blackouts during World War 2?
If, during WW II in Poland, you were a Jew who didn't look Jewish, would you lie about your religion?
Was Adolf Hitler featured in a Coca-Cola advertisement before World War Two?
What will India's stand be if World War III occurs?
How would WWIII look if North Korea managed to create their own empire, like the Japanese did in WWII?
Should the British Army have fortified and concentrated their forces in Singapore rather than trying to defend Malaysia against the Japanese invasion?
Do you believe WWII was orchestrated by the USA to weaken other countries and emerge as a world leader?
Was a WWII victory in favor of the Allies, considering they outnumbered the Axis powers?
What if Japan joined the allies?
Why did the US drop the 2nd atomic bomb on Nagasaki instead of places like Sapporo, Akita, Niigata, or Kagoshima?
Is the MOAB as powerful as the nuclear bombs dropped on Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
How many prisoners of war from the Axis Powers are buried in USA?
Did Hitler actually attack Russia in winters? What was the outcome?
How did Switzerland remain neutral during World War II?
What role did the churches of Germany play in the Third Reich?
Has the Chinese Communist Party apologized to its citizens for the genocides and atrocities during and post WWII? Did the CCP support Japan during WWII?
How much did the armies in World War 2 live off the land?
What was Syria's role in World War 2?
What are the best sight seeing in Europe for WW2 nerds?
Was there such a thing as gei pāti (gay parties) in Japan during the World War?
If Japan was nicer to China and Southeast Asian countries during World War 2, could have they won the war?
Who misled Hitler?
Which WW II German commander took his unit West, from near Berlin, fleeing the Russians, thereby saving his unit from certain death?
Were there any other strategies beside the Blitzkrieg that German could have used in WWII?
What are some events that happened during WW2?
Were the German military tactics and strategies better than those of the Allied forces?
What was the time period of WW2?
Is the world alright when war victims have to apologize and pay damages to their aggressors?
If the West hadn't given up the Czechs and they resisted the Nazis, would the Wehrmacht have deposed Hitler?
Do you think WW III is about to begin?
Is the world on the verge of the second Cold War?
How is the Great Depression of 1929 considered one of the reason for World War II?
If you were sent back in time to kill Hitler before he did any harm, but he was only six years old, would you do it?
Why are German WW2 U-boats not named?
What were some post-World War II changes in the United States?
Why do many people fail to see that Iraqi people as a nation didn't cooperate with the Americans during the invasion as the Japanese did after WWII?
Were the Western allies in Europe before D-Day?
How would World War 2 have played out if it took place with the geopolitical context of, and with the technology of, 2017?
Is it true that, for the most part, American World War Two combat soldiers were sent home right after the war and were not part of the occupation?
How effective was the Australian Army in both World Wars? Were we ill equipped?
Did the world become a better place after the Second World War?
What was the most unreliable gun used in World War 1 and World War 2?
Were Jews repressed in the Principality of Andorra during World War II?
How is Japan different now from its WWII Shinto world dominance days?
In Nagasaki and Hiroshima, how would the bombing have played out within the cities? How is such devastation recovered from?
Why wasn’t sarin gas used in the Holocaust?
What is the life of common citizens like during warfares?
What happend to American soldiers who continued to fraternise Germans and Japanese after the war?
Why don't we get to hear about the atrocities committed by the Imperial Japanese Army Unit 731 during WW2 as frequently as those by the Nazis?
What made Canada particularly effective during the D-Day invasion?
What have we learned from the Second World War?
Could the Axis have won if Japan had never bombed Pearl Harbor and the Germans never broke their pact with Russia?
What are some interesting and important WWII sites to visit when on a trip to Europe?
In three different scenarios, could the USA, UK, and Soviet Union have individually defeated the Axis powers in WW2 without the intervention of the other allies?
What could have been the one step that would have stopped World War 2?
Why did Germany initiate WWII after just having lost WWI?
What would happen if the Soviets lost at Stalingrad, Moscow and Leningrad?
Were Bulgarians considered Aryans by Hitler?
What would have happened if Britain had allied with the Germans in WWII?
Were Hitler’s armies capable of launching attacks on Britain from Ireland?
What were German students taught about their history 20 years after Germany's defeat in WWII?
If Hitler had not attacked Russia, would he have been able to stand his ground in the west?
Is the Mother of All Bombs similar to those developed by Barnes Wallace to bomb Nazi Germany's dams and submarine bunkers?
What if Japan defeated the US in WW2?
If the US had 9 GBU-43/B and dropped them in 9 Japanese cities in August 1945 including Hiroshima and Nagasaki, would the Japanese have surrendered?
On a WW II Honorable Discharge document, what does Basic Training AAA (521) mean?
Why didn't the United States initially join WW2?
Was speed or maneuverability a better asset in a World War II fighter aircraft?
Did JFK actually meet Hitler before the war?
Would it be appropriate to name a company after a WWII medal of honor recipient?
What made Canada’s Army so effective in both world wars?
If you were a French policeman when the Nazis took over, would you have carried on and helped round up Jews, as many people did?
What happened to all those that voted for Hitler?
Why don't schools in the US talk much about World War II?
Why did France lose to Germany in WW2?
What differences became matters of life and death during the holocaust?
How many times did the Allies break the WW1 Central and WW2 Axis powers’ codes?
Why did US need to support the Soviet Union in WW2?
How was President Truman's decision to drop the atomic bombs on Japan greeted in America, and what is thought of it today?
Why did Germany, Italy, and Japan think the world’s democracies were weaklings?
How effective was was the Sonderkommando Elbe at its mission against the Allied bombing campaign?
In Band of Brothers, what really happened at the Siege of Bastogne?
Would the Nazis have won World War 2 if they had the resources of America and the USSR combined?
Did the German army use chemical weapons on any battlefield during the Second World War?
Why didn't Hitler use chemical weapons on the Eastern Front? Didn’t he think the soviets were less than human?
Did the Nazi SS have anything to fear in WWII?
Why did India side with Germany and Japan in WWII?
Where was the farthest the Germans advanced in WW2 in the conquest of Russia?
Did Sean Spicer indicate that he was unaware that Jews were gassed by Hitler?
How accurate are Hollywood movie depictions of German soldiers/officers during World War Two?
If the US never joined WWII, would the USSR been the only superpower? How would the world look?
Why didn’t the Japanese ask Mao Zedong to be their ally and puppet ruler of China during World War II?
How did decolonization shift power after WWII?
Were the Japanese and Italians also hated by the world like Germans after WW2?
Did the Soviets take many prisoners in Berlin?
What if Poland attacked Germany in September 1939 instead of Germany first invading?
Was the Pacific War fundamentally caused by the different views of Japan and the United States towards East Asia?
What are some reasons that prove that the internment of Japanese Americans wasn't caused by economic issues, including land and business ownership?
What would the world be like now if China had colonised the world during the Dynasty era?
How many men could the US have conscripted in WWI and WWII?
What if Emperor Harsha defeated Pulakeshin II? Could he have expanded south?
If the Russian Empire never fell, but gained back all the land it lost in WW1, would it have won the Second World War?
What was the major cause of India's independence, World War II or Gandhiji's efforts?
What if America was prepared for the attack on Pearl Harbor without knowing it?
Which country suffered the most human casualties during World War II?
What role did Myanmar have during World War II?
If Hitler didn't want to exterminate any race, would you have supported him?
Did any Burmese fought for the British during the WWII?
Did Japan's two victories over the Mongols lead to a feeling of invincibility in World War Two?
In Stalingrad (1943), the two adversaries take a break to retrieve the wounded. What did the Russian soldier exchange for the German's bread?
In the James Bond universe, did SPECTRE cause events like WWII to happen through manipulation or even famine?
What is the truth about the US occupation of Korea after World War Two?
Did the Japanese actually build a submarine aircraft carrier in WW2?
What are some reasons that prove that Japanese Americans weren't sent to internment camps due to concerns about national security threats?
How fast would World War 2 have ended if the Allies had attacked the Axis without resistance (and vice versa)?
What would have happened if the French fleet which was docked in Toulon, had fallen into German hands in 1942?
What if Germany had started WW2 later, i.e. in 1942, 1943 or 1944?
In what battles during WW2 did two big armies clash against each other in the fields, like in the old times, like on a medieval and Napoleonic scale?
Who are some of the greatest heroes of WWII, in your opinion?
Do you feel Hitler achieved his goals even by losing the war?
Is Julio Pino a Nazi?
Why are Chinese people obsessed with Germany?
The atomic bombing of Hiroshima actually killed less Japanese civilians than the fire-bombing of Tokyo several weeks earlier. Why was there no outcry after the Tokyo bombing?
Does the smoke from guns in a battle become a issue after a few hours?
If the Germans had the atomic bomb in 1943 after Kursk, could they have forced a peace treaty and who would they have nuked first and where?
What did the Nazis do to the Jews?
Can a WWII Panzerfaust be useful against modern APCs, from M113s, BMPs, Bradleys, etc.?
How would a modern day Nazi soldier look like?
What was the process of becoming an SS officer during the Second World War?
Why is the European theater in American schools reduced to D-day and not the Eastern front which was decisive for the victory?
How many divisions (Army/Marines) did the US have in WWII?
Why was the Third Reich so economically effective and how did they deal with competition?
What was the last city of the RSFSR liberated from Nazi Germany?
Was Napalm used in World War 2?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between WWII Chinese nationalist forces and WWII Ethiopian forces?
What camo patterns did Grossdeutschland paint on the helmets in the Eastern Front?
Can you please recommend some "tactical" World War 2 memoirs?
Is there anyway to tell what year a WW2 cleaning rod was made?
Despite controlling the sea, why were the British not able to cut supplies to Rommel's army in North Africa during WWII?
Why did Sean Spicer refer to Nazi death camps as "Holocaust Centers"?
Instead of trying to explain why Syria is worse than Nazi Germany, should Trump request that Germany compensate those who died in concentration camps?
Is there any other city which was caught under severe destruction like Hiroshima and Nagasaki witnessed?
What would happen if none of the World Wars ever happened?
What was the weather and terrain like for the paratroopers landing in Normandy during D-day?
What are the different types of planes used in WW2?
Where is Schwerer Gustav (an 800 mm German railway gun) now?
Why didn't Nazi Germany open the western front at the end of WW2?
How relevant is Karel van Wolferen's "The Enigma of Japanese Power" in 2017, compared with 1989 when it was first published?
Did the Germans like Adolf Hitler?
How did planes land on WW2 aircraft carriers?
History belongs to the victor. How would modern history have been written if Nazi Germany had won World War 2?
Is there any way to tell what year a WW2 K98k front hood sight was made?
How was China able to hold Japan in World War 2?
What if, after the second world war, the USA and the USSR focused on their armies instead of nukes?
Was Hitler one of the good guys?
If the WW2 Allied soldiers had worn modern-day army clothing (bulletproof vests), would it have made for fewer casualties?
What was the purpose of the little blimps you can see during the Normandy landings?
What was the warning given by Churchill before World War II broke out?
How did German soldiers manage to eat, sleep & answer nature’s call during the Battle of Berlin?
Did the landing craft from the Normandy invasion have any malfunctions?
I am black and admire Hitler a lot. Is it not normal?
How did the Allies get the full casualties of the Holocaust?
Who had a better chance to win? The Axis or the Central Powers?
How effective as a weapon was the TBF/TBM Avenger during WW2?
Did the US really want to get into World War 2?
Why didn't America drop one atom bomb on Tokyo instead of one each on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Following WWII, why was decolonization influenced by economics?
What happened to the conditions of the Treaty of Versailles after the end of World War 2?
How did Poland get liberated from the Nazis?
To what extent did Sean Spicer's Hitler comment (Assad’s use of poison gas worse than Hitler) harm his job?
Were there any popular non-propaganda movies made in Germany during the Third Reich?
What would have been the outcome had Hitler captured Moscow?
What if Italy and Russia turned on Nazi Germany in WWII?
Why did Hitler think the Slavs were not Aryan even though they spoke Indo-European languages and looked similar to Nordics?
What order were World War 2 planes classified in according to the pilots?
Under Maritime Law, could German submarines legally torpedo US merchant ships carrying supplies to Britain prior to Hitler’s declaration of war?
What are the similarities between Modi regime and Hitler regime and their ideologies?
Why did people oppose Hitler idea of world conquest?
Where did Hitler kill himself?
What was the importance of Pilsudski's Intermarium in the geopolitical organisation following the Treaties of Paris?
What was the wavy pattern found on German tanks in WWII?
How does WWII affect the world today?
Was Hitler's mind weakened in the end due to his heavy drug injection?
How long would World War 2 have lasted if France had not fallen and remained free from German control?
What was entertainment like in WW2?
Is a manned invasion deception campaign, like D-Day, possible in the modern era given mass communication and social media?
Can you compare China's expansionist outreach to Nazi Germany?
Why isn't Operation Bagration discussed more from the Western point of view of WW2?
What would happen if tanks extended world war 1, instead of ending it?
Why didn’t the Third Reich use chemical weapons against the Soviets during or after the invasion of 1941?
Are there dates or ways to tell when a WW2 German hood sight/cleaning rod was made?
What were some of the racial/social reasons that caused the Japanese and Japanese Americans to be sent to internment camps?
What are the best books on the role of Commonwealth soldiers in the world wars?
Was the Tachikawa airplane company related to the Nakajima airplane company?
What did those who piloted the DO-335 think of it?
What happened to Auschwitz inmates after being forcibly marched by the Germans to other camps in Germany?
If German aces Manfred von Richthofen (Red Baron) and Erich Hartmann had been pilots in the 21st century, would they have been as successful?
Were there actual cases of SS or Einsatzgruppen soldiers who flat out refused to obey their orders?
What was like to live in rural Italy during the 1940s?
Why did the Western powers invade the nascent USSR after the revolution?
What was the condition of India during World War I & II?
How did communism influence alliances in World War Two?
Did the Serbians have a nationwide soul searching after the Bosnian War, like the Germans or the Japanese did after WWII?
What are your favorite WWII movies and/or TV shows?
Why didn't the Americans mass produce the T34/T29 heavy tank during WW2?
After the liberation of France, why wasn't Petain shot for treason like some of the other Vichy collaborators?
What was Cuba's role in World War 2?
Should Germany even still exist as a nation, after having done something as bad as the Holocaust?
Under what conditions could Germany and the Soviet Union have reached a stalemate during WWII?
How would you compare the death of Hindenburg to that of Yuan Shikai?
How widespread was pro-Nazi sentiment in post-war Germany?
Why did Germany change the colors of their flag after WW2?
What were all the islands Japan invaded in WW2 or at least a majority of them?
What are some good books/resources about military wars/battles/skirmishes (particularly the ones pertaining to the U.S. after WWII)?
How would World War II have been different if Gibraltar had been under Spanish control?
What was like to live in rural areas in the United States during the 1940s?
Why did China allow Japan drag its feet in clearing the huge amounts of chemical weapons it left behind in China after its defeat in World War II?
In the colonial times, Spain was a superpower, how did Spain lose the status and end up going neutral in WW2?
Is there a military helmet of WW2 that can be used nowadays?
What would Germany's economy look like if it had won WWII?
Which authority granted power to the Israelis to hunt German WW II veterans?
Why did Poland have such a large Jewish population (over 2 million) before World War 2?
Which side during WWII had the best vehicles?
Why are we not saying that we are in the middle of a world war when the scale of destruction and death is so high?
When American men were drafted in WWII, what protections did they have to protect their homes from foreclosure while at war?
Were horizon blue uniforms used by obsolete units of the French during WW2 by the Fall of France?
How did World War 2 pilots handle G forces?
Will increasing nationalism ruin the progress civilisation has made since the world wars?
What is the importance/impact of George Patton's race to Messina to understanding the WW2?
Do the German and Japanese school systems teach students about the atrocities their countries committed in World War 2?
How were the German POWS treated by the Americans?
America tried to be neutral in two world wars. Will it try to be neutral in a third world war?
Did the British or French have any victories in Europe, prior to the Dunkirk evacuation?
Was Patton a good general?
During WW2 would it have been possible to cross the Atlantic in a civilian boat?
Could the Nazis have won WWII if the US didn't get involved?
Could German soldiers talk to allied soldiers in neutral Sweden, during WW2?
Assuming sufficient Allied patience, would a US naval blockade of the Japanese home islands have eventually led to a Japanese surrender?
Did Albert Einstein have any influence on the development of the atomic bombs used on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What would have happened if Italy had attacked Switzerland in 1942?
Why then did Hitler manage to threaten Europe with another World War? Why did leaders follow a policy of appeasement with Hitler?
During WWII, was there ever an account of an early German tank destroying a later Allied tank (say, a Panzer II)?
What happened to the Swedish ambassador, Raoul Wallenberg?
What was the public opinion of Hirohito in Japan after WW2?
What do you think of the Palestinian support of the Nazis during the Holocaust?
Which are the best PC games based on WW2?
What was Japan’s perspective during WWII?
Does Germany deserve all of the blame for world war?
Why is Britain routinely assessed as a plucky island nation and not a vast imperial power in the histories of WWII?
Isn't it mind-boggling that WWII only ended 72 years ago?
Should the attack on Pearl Harbour be considered controversial?
What was it like to be a GI Bride after the Second World War?
Why did Herschel Grynszpan kill a German official instead of a Polish official in revenge for the suffering of his family?
How many pounds of explosives did Japan drop on Pearl Harbor?
Would these countries have been good options to escape from Hitler during WW2: Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Britain, Sweden, Switzerland, Middle East?
What was in Admiral William Halsey's mind when he recommended Admiral Raymond Spruance to lead Task Force 16 at the Battle of Midway?
What is the story of the Second World War all about?
How did the atomic bomb affect the people and life in general in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What did Hitler say about how people would believe a big lie but not a small one?
Why were American black soldiers from WW2 so mistreated after their return?
How did the rule of Hitler come to an end? Who killed him eventually?
What are the odds for the US to fully conquer Russia, based on the failures of Napoleon Bonaparte's Army and the Germany Army in World War II?
Is it just me or does the Royal Air Force (RAF) uniform look like the World War 2 German Wehrmacht uniform?
What would happen if aliens came during a world war?
Why didn't Iceland occupy London after the UK was defeated during the 1970s Cod War?
What did the Normandy planners learn from Gallipoli?
If Adolf Hitler had the technology we have today, would he have won the Second World War?
Is it fair to say that French WW2 history has been instrumentalized by many French politicians?
If Robert E. Howard had lived through World War II, would the experience have modified his Aryan worldview?
In high school in the U.S., when do you start learning about WW2?
How did the US and Russia end up against each other, even though they fought the Nazis together?
Did the Waffen-SS conduct suicide bombing attacks?
What evidence is there to suggest Adolf Hitler escaped Germany?
Would Russia be the third most populated country in the world if a lot of people hadn't died in WW2, and at the hands of Stalin?
During the Battle for the Atlantic in WWII, how many planes, trucks, rifles, etc., were lost? I only hear about the tonnage of materials lost.
What does Julio Pino think about Adolf Hitler?
How would the world be different today if Hitler had won World War 2?
Could a modern day Denmark, in 1940, withstand a German invasion?
Is it true that the T34 was built in the United States during WWII as a help to the Soviets, so they could beat the Germans?
What crimes are committed by Hitler's Waffen SS?
During WW2, how successful were the Germans at intercepting and codebreaking Allied communications?
What is the truth about Adolf Hitler? What was he fighting against?
Did Adolf Hitler do good things in improving Germany?
What are some examples of how censorship was used during World War 2?
How close did the Japanese come to invading Australia?
What did the French wear in WW2? Are horizon blue uniforms used in obsolete 3rd line infantry divisions?
How many countries in world after getting independence didn't suffer civil war?
What are the differences in attitudes between the Germans and the Japanese towards their respective roles in WWII?
Is France responsible for Vel' d'Hiv (round up of Jews) given that it was under Nazi control?
Was D-Day the day most Americans died?
What would have happened if, in 1933, the Middle Eastern nations (Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Palestine, and Egypt) had gotten full independence from France and the UK?
Did the Holocaust of Jews have any major impact on the world in terms of development?
How can people actually believe that the Holocaust didn't happen when there's so much evidence and still survivors alive?
Did the German Army ever reach Red Square during the Battle of Moscow, and if so, when?
What if, in WW2, China obliterated Japan and the USA just forget about that war and did not do anything to help the outcome?
What would happen if India got its freedom before World War 2?
What happened to the captured German weapons (tanks, aircraft, weapons) after World War II?
Is it possible to see when a text I sent was read?
If WW2 were to happen again, but the world is in the same state as it was in 1939, but had modern equipment, how would it go?
How close were the Allies to failing on D-Day?
What type of security did these World War II dictators have?
How tough was the 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion in World War 2?
Was the Holocaust just Allied propaganda?
If Britain needed to replicate the WW2 effort, could they?
Could the allies have lost the war once D-Day had been successful?
If the US had not defeated the Nazis, would the Soviets have?
What are examples of countries backstabbing their allies during war?
How many camps are there in RDC?
In the 1984 version of "Red Dawn", is there a scenario in which the Soviet invasion could have succeeded?
Were Americans detained in Japan during World War II?
Did Hitler receive an answer when he complained about the deportation of Volga Germans?
Would a dispatch rider be attached to an artillery battery in WWII?
If Jews were at risk during WW2, could they not have changed religion and then after the WW changed back to Judaism?
Could Manstein's "Backhand Blow" have been the last chance for a German victory on the Eastern Front?
Is there any legitimacy to the claim that Albert Pike foretold the conditions of the two world wars and one to come between the Muslims and the West?
What role did the US submarine fleet serve in the Atlantic during WWII?
Would Commonwealth soldiers from different nations have fought alongside each other in WW2?
What happened to U.S. and German diplomats after war was declared in 1941?
Is the Holocaust not enough to prove that God does not exist?
What was the main cause and reason of the First and Second World Wars, and who was responsible for these?
Were sadists within Nazi Germany intentionally given power, specifically in both concentration camps and the SS?
Let's rearrange WW2 with Germany, Italy and China vs the USSR, the US, the UK and Japan. What happens?
Did all Nazis hate Jews? Was there a law saying that you had to treat the Jews badly, or did all Nazis hate Jews?
What were the social changes after World War 2?
Is there a single, documented case of a German U-boat’s actual sinking of a ship during World War II, or is that just one more of Trump's "alternative facts"?
Does the world want another Hitler?
How did Hitler economically rise to power?
To what extent should the U.S. have employed atomic weapons against the Japanese to end World War 2?
Is it true that the Japanese Army buried some POWs alive during WW2?
What would you do if the Axis forces turned out to be the good guys?
Were Japanese soldiers allowed to keep their katana out of respect?
Would the method of non-violent opposition to the Nazis have failed during the Holocaust?
Why didn't the Allies of World War 2 divide the Axis countries and permanently disband their armed forces?
What was life in London like during the German occupation in WW2?
Would Japan have won WWII if they never resumed the Sino-Japanese War after Manchuria, and instead focused on the Soviets and Southeast Asia?
If the Allies on D-Day wore body armour, built to modern-day standards but using the available technology, how much would it have weighed?
How early did the Nazi Germany and the Western Allies begin to cooperate secretly against the Soviet army during World War 2?
Who was worse during WWII: Japan or US?
What would have happened to Hitler if he was captured alive?
What good did the world wars bring?
What are some tips to write a summary about World War I and World War II?
Did Italy really try to ally itself with Germany during World War II or is that just more of Trump's "alternative facts"?
Has America committed war atrocities like the Nazis or Japanese? The only one I can think of (my ignorance most likely) is the trail of tears?
Why did America attack Japan with nuclear bombs?
What if Hitler made the Jews fight instead of killing them? He would've had so many more millions of people to fight.
Who was the better painter: Hitler or Churchill?
What was the standard USSR soldier during WWII equipped with?
How was India involved in WW2?
What would happen if modern wars were fought with WW2 weapons and equipment?
In 1940, Great Britain brought on mainland Europe only 10 divisions to fight the Germans. Is this a case of serious betrayal?
Did Nazis enjoy killing?
How many people were killed by the Nazis from 1933 until the end of August 1939?
What would happen if the 6 day war was fought with WW2 weapons and equipment?
How did WWI and WWII start?
You have to cross a WW2 field with enemy troops in trenches. You have one overwatch character to protect you. Who will it be?
How would D-Day have been affected if the Battle of Dieppe had never happened, or if it had succeeded?
Should the USA have invaded Britain for not stopping Japan from attacking Pearl Harbor?
Were the axis forces really the good guys?
Why do nations tolerate Erdogan and his Nazi accusations?
Who was the greatest American since WW2?
During times of war, like WW2, does the creditor still go after the debtor?
Before WWII, who were the most famous British pro-Nazis?
Was the Wochenschau of August 23rd 1939 (showing ethnic German refugees) real or staged?
What if, instead of invading Poland, the USSR attempted to help Poland fight Germany?
How did WWII help pull America out of the Great Depression?
Who were the bad guys in WWII, the Allies or the Axis forces?
As a German citizen, do you feel like you have to walk on eggshells because of WWII?
Why was the Soviet Union not charged with war crimes for World War II (e.g., due to the Poland massacres)?
What happens with Germans soldiers in Jersey and Guernsey when D-Day is coming?
What did German soldiers think of the British soldiers?
What was Oskar Schindler’s plan if Germany won the war?
Did Hitler ever give any thought to choosing a successor?
Do you think any Japanese Soldier stayed on in Singapore after the surrender?
What were the greatest science awards of the Third Reich?
What was the first country to gain independence after World War II?
How did early World War II submarines find any ships?
Why were children evacuated during World War 2?
Did the British-French talks of 1912 (Henry Wilson) force the British into the 1st World War?
What if Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president during WW2?
Overall, in the whole duration of WW2, did the U-boats have an effect on Allied shipping?
Did any Mexican combat units see action in WWII?
What forces did Hitler still have at his disposal immediately before his death?
What is the history behind Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp?
Where can I buy some original WW2 B-patrone rounds?
What would Europe be like today if WWI and WWII never happened?
During World War II, how much did the Chinese contribute to the defeat of the Axis? What manpower, material, and battles did they contribute?
Could WW2 have been prevented if Gandhi was in charge of the Allied powers?
Why did Great Britain choose not to set up a conscription before WW2? Was it fair to its allies?
Why didn't the Nazis simply destroy Stalingrad from the air and let the troops go around it?
Would the world be different if Axis had won WW2 instead of Allies?
How many M1 Abrams would it take to destroy a Ratte?
To what extent have the Americans compensated the Japanese people for their decision to drop the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How far behind would the US have been if the British had not shared their jet technology during WW2?
What kind of small arms would a member of the British navy have had during World War 2?
Why do some soldiers simply pocket their medals?
What are some important facts about France during WW2?
What did a family life consist of during World War 2?
If Hitler didn't kill himself, who among his most trusted staff would kill him in the Fuhrerbunker?
Who actually defeated Nazi Germany, America or the Soviets?
Why was the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp created?
What were the main reason why Germany entered World War 2?
Why did Churchill put so much importance to Vienna during WWII?
How many D-Day veterans are still alive?
What is the science behind atomic shadows during the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki? How did these shadows form initially?
Will World War Three happen in 2017?
How do ordinary Germans feel about the once German cities which are now outside of Germany?
What would happen if Argentina entered WW2 in 1942 and attacked everyone, and then defeated the UK, Germany, USSR, USA, etc.?
Are there any sex slavery groups, like the Jugun Ianfu for Japanese soldiers, in Germany occupation, especially for German soldiers?
If the Dunkirk evacuation never happened, could D-Day have happened or not?
How much are WWII German 8mm armor-piercing rounds worth?
Why did the Allies choose to base themselves specifically in Reims in Aug 1944?
Are there any US aircraft numbers still missing from WWII?
How much of a difference would it have made if Spain joined the Axis powers after the fall of France?
Which army had the best equipped soldiers during WWII?
Which Soviet generals were in Turkey during the War of Liberation (1919-1922)? When were they there and where were they?
How would a regular German soldier in Stalingrad have reacted to Hitler's speech in Stalingrad on 8th November, 1942?
Could the Japanese Americans in WW2 get out of the internment camps?
Did the Luftwaffe use any Japanese planes in WW2?
Why did Italy declare war on France and Britain?
Could a WW2 radar detect a B-2 from any distance?
Why did Operation Typhoon fail?
Which contributed more to Imperial Japan's demise in WWII, the British Raj or Australia?
What happened to the 1937's International Exposition Nazi and Soviet (and every other) pavilions?
Did Japanese soldiers use their katana in WW2?
Which were worst, the Soviet Gulag or Nazi extermination camps? From what I heard, Nazis were worse, because victims were killed almost instantly.
Could Hitler have been reincarnated as the Jews he had killed as a karmic punishment for his acts?
During WWII, did men on aircraft carriers wear different colored clothing?
During World War 2, what was the most odd weapon design ever?
What allowed Germany to have such revolutionary military leaders during World War 2?
What would the world be like if a global renaissance occurred in the 20th century instead of the two World Wars?
Who deserves the real credit for the surrender of the Nazis during WW2, the Red Army or the combined US, British & Canadian forces? Why?
If you were a Nazi during WW2, trying to help someone cross borders, would you wear your uniform (as a fear tactic) or change into civilian clothes?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
Why are so many Pinback songs named after pivotal locations of WWII?
How good was the Japanese military in WW2?
When invading the USSR during WW2, did Germany's front line constitute of only the portions of land with roads?
How did WWII autopilots work?
What if Erich von Manstein was Fuhrer of Germany during WW2? Would Germany lose the war? And what about the Holocaust?
What style of fighting did the Japanese use in WW2?
How did the USSR terrain differ from the Caucasus to the Baltic at the time of Operation Barbarossa?
Did the Nazis have anything like napalm? Wouldn't that stuff have done wonders to rubble like Stalingrad eventually was?
What butterfly effect could have prevented World War II or Nazism?
What were people seeking in the mass migrations to suburbs in the post-World War II era?
What were the best armored fighter planes of world war II?
What were the main factors that contributed to Hitler’s rise to power in January 1933?
Did the U.K. or the USA give Germany false information so that Hitler would attack Russia?
Who are the deniers that say the Holocaust never happened?
In WW2, did America's Allies know about the nuclear bomb?
Why were the German U-boats so popular?
How were the surviving German forces in the Second World War told that the war was over and they needed to surrender?
Which percentage of German people still believed war could be won at the end of 1944?
Apart from David Twohy’s Below (2002) are there any other horror movies that take place during World War I or II?
Does Abe really want to resurrect Japanese nationalism like pre-World War times, or is this just an exaggeration?
WWI: Which POW camps in Italy were given orders to dispose of (kill or otherwise, not free) their prisoners towards the end of the war?
How did the Soviet Union emerge from WW2 as a superpower after all the devastation it suffered?
Who were the German scientists involved in 'the race to build the atomic bomb'?
How would you rank American generals in WW2?
Why did Germany and Japan believe that they would be able to defeat Allies (after USA joined WW2)?
Are nuclear shadows the carbon remains of people who died in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How is it that the Nazis convinced their soldiers to commit such atrocities?
If you could go back in time to tell Hitler one sentence that would help him win World War II, what would it be?
Why would the Nazis deny that the holocaust ever happened if they are proud of what they did?
World War 2 happens and the US only has to focus on Japan. How fast would the Pacific theatre be over?
Why was China asked to occupy north of Vietnam after World War 2?
Did World War II cause the post-war baby boom, or was it bound to happen?
What if Shakespeare met Adolf Hitler?
Do soldiers of the JSDF have the determination of the IJA of WWII?
Did being rich matter during World Wars 1 or 2? Which jobs were in demand?
Why is India developing the country after 69 years of independence? Japan developed after the Second World War atomic attack.
Who won the Battle of Cape Matapan?
Is it possible for the German V3 supergun design to be repurposed as a payload launching space gun?
What did British and Commonwealth soldiers think of the Lee Enfield during WW2?
Did Adolf Hitler offer an alliance to Britain in WWII?
Who was Japan's prime minister in WWII?
Does war promote or hinder the development of the world?
What would have happened if Germany had made no pact with Russia, had invaded Poland, ignored the French and British war declarations, and invaded Russia?
Are the "Potocki letters" (Polish ambassador Jerzey Potocki) genuine, e.g. the one of Jan. 16, 1939?
What would have prevented Japan from going Axis in WW2?
What nation was hurt the most by Hitler?
What country practiced the most brutality during WWII?
How many towns in Germany were never bombed during World War Two?
What was the significance of the Soviet invasion of Manchuria during the last stages of World War 2?
Why do people still believe the Nazi myths that say the Soviet WW2 army was weak & incompetent?
General MacArthur was the most popular World War II general. Do you think President Harry Truman should have fired him? Why or why not?
What would be the standard equipment of a WWII US Paratrooper?
Are there any pictures (when it happened) of a P-51 shooting down a Me 262?
How did WW2 change the world?
How different would the WW2 Italian campaign have been if Patton were in charge instead of General Mark Clark?
Your consciouness has been transfered into the body of Adolph Hitler and it is March 1, 1940. What do you do?
At the end of WW2, Soviet troops liberated Manchuria from Japan. Why didn't Russians stay in Manchuria instead of giving it back to China?
What did JFK think of Hitler?
Mr. Rynerson, I value your opinions. Can you tell me why was there such a delay in helping the Jews in WWII?
Did Hitler like the British?
How many drums of ammunition would a WW2 Soviet soldier carry for his PPSH? How were these carried?
How did World War 2 start?
Why are today's battlefield uniforms not as elegant as they used to be during the World War II era?
What does a military plan look like?
How much looting did the Allies take during World War II?
How bad did bombing a city affect its industrial capacity in WW2?
Major General Smedley Butler wrote “war is a racket” and I have to agree it is. Why, then, does the general public believe it is necessary to have wars?
What would happen if someone from the future helped Hitler to win the war?
In 1944 why didn't Warsaw Ghetto Jews and Polish Uprising merge their efforts? If Jews and Poles of Warsaw revolted same time, Nazis would be defeated
What was the organization of the WWII Paramarines, and what would it look like today?
Why were Polish WW2 prisoners of war offered relocation to Australia or Canada?
How did Germany rebuild its population after WWII and the huge loss of men?
How many Holocaust survivors came to the USA?
Is cancer a real WW2 drama or a deficiency of B17?
How was Hitler's flag created?
What if the German army was reawakened during the Battle of Berlin?
Did anyone openly defied Hitler and got away with that?
How much noise in dB does a soldier experience in an extremely violent battle, such as Kursk or Stalingrad?
Why did Hitler kill the Jews before attacking Europe? Wouldn't it have been less resource-consuming if he’d waited till after?
What time was it when King George VI gave his Sept. 3, 1939, speech about the declaration of war on Germany?
What are some interesting, amazing, untold stories from World War II about the navies of countries not considered to be major sea powers?
Why didn't allies attack the Swiss if they were supplying Germany?
Were the Japanese the most vicious enemy the American Military have faced?
Why are the most well known facts about the WW2, spread by everything from movies to comic books, all about the Jews? Because they are chosen people?
What would be the course of events had the Allies invaded Balkans in 1943 or 44 leaving (North) France invasion a supportive measure?
Who do you think the best general, admiral, and air marshal of WWI and WWII were, and why?
What were the reactions of American-Jewish soldiers when they saw their relatives in concentration camps in Germany after WW2?
What was Japan's motive for attacking the USA on Dec 7, 1941 (Pearl Harbor)?
Should the Allies have dissolved Bavaria instead of Prussia, since the Nazi movement started there?
Is everyone who likes Hitler a Nazi?
Why would someone be awarded a Bronze Star for their participation in World War 2?
Would WWII-era fighters be more maneuverable if there was a workable design for a thrust vectoring propeller engine? What would be its drawbacks?
How many WWII Marines are still alive like me?
Did Hitler have any supernatural powers that saved him every time he was close to death?
Did tank crews in WWII wear helmets inside their tanks? I've noticed in videos that the crews of Abrams tanks wear helmets in action.
How were prisoners of war treated during the Prophet's time?
How did the American soldiers' experience on returning from WWII compare with that of Soviet soldiers' experience?
Why did German soldiers had chocolate?
How many miles were "marched" in total in WWII?
How suicidal was it to be an American spy in Tokyo during World War II?
Is the Galactic Empire the equivalent of Imperial Germany, while the First Order is Nazi Germany?
What was the most successful tank destroyer for the US in WW2?
If another world war breaks out, how quickly would the UK, FR, DE, and RU reach the same output they had at the peak of WW2? Who will get there first?
Who was the most important Allied leader of World War II?
Where is Goebbels’ diary and other top Nazis’ writings?
Did Hitler and his fellow German officers go to Argentina to hide after they have surrendered during WW2?
Why did Japan not make war on the USSR at World War II?
Did FDR provoke the Japanese into World War 2?
Had Roosevelt lived, would he have used the atomic bomb, or would he have chosen another option?
How did the US entering WWII go from 500,000 troops total to being able to fight on three fronts?
Which countries were responsible for World War 2?
How would World War II have been different if Stalin hadn't killed off a lot of his generals and other officers before the war?
How long could a modern battleship last against WWII era battleships, fighting them one at a time?
How do we make synthetic gasoline like Germany did during WW2?
Did Hitler have intentions of declaring war on Britain?
What's with the inordinate number of questions on Quora each day about Hitler and the Nazis?
What was the role of movies in World War II?
How many tanks were made in WW2?
How do I trace the whereabouts of my grandfather's WW-II veteran navy colleague who emigrated to Israel from India in 1948?
How did Germany go from a third-world country neck deep in debt to a technologically advanced global superpower in World War 2?
During WW2, did Spain give shelter to Jews fleeing Hitler?
Which country contributed the most to ending WW2, the US or the UK?
What would the world be like if in World War II instead of bombing Japan, we bombed Germany?
Is it true that the first generation of Hell Angels members were WWII veterans? And why did they make this gang?
Why was Erwin Rommel respected even by his enemies?
What would have happened if America had replaced the UK in World War I?
Why do Indians support the Axis powers?
What are the death rates by country during WW2?
How did Nazi war criminals get hold of cyanide pills?
How did Greece manage to escape Soviet occupation after the Second World War?
Was Hitler's Aryan race even achievable?
What was the Allied strategy in the Pacific during WWII?
Could the league of nations done things differently to stop Germany from starting WW2?
What was Hitler’s motto?
What was life like in Sicily during World War II, before the Allied invasion in 1943?
What would Britain be like if they hadn't gotten involved in either world war?
How did the Jewish refugees in Japan during WW2 convince the Japanese not to follow the request of Hitler to kill them all?
Was there any contact between Axis and Turkish vessels in the Dodecanese/Peloponnese areas during World War Two?
If you replaced Adolf Hitler and rose to power of supreme leadership of Germany, how would you fight WW2 and win?
Were there any flying tanker planes which refueled fighters during WWII?
How far have we come from WW2 handheld weapons?
What was life like on Cyprus during World War Two?
If Operation Mercury failed, then what would have General Kurt Student done? Would he have ultimately joined in the attempts on Hitler?
How did Spain stay neutral in WW2, even though Hitler pressured Franco to join as Germany's ally?
There were thousands of tanks rendered inoperative or destroyed in WWII. What happened to all the hardware?
What was life like on Santorini during World War Two?
Where can I find WWII US and German army personnel records?
Did the US personnel in Germany, post WW2, learn Nazi propaganda techniques, and used them to jump start the US Pentecostal Movement?
Was the Blitzkrieg really that effective? Wouldn't the Allies have found other ways to overcome it?
How did WW2 as a whole impact the systems and functions of the Nazi concentration camps?
What are some modern AFVs that look nearly identical to WW2 AFVs?
What was a standard German WW2 soldier equipped with?
In WWII, my Dad recalls that Joe Kennedy's airplane was brought down by a secret weapon. What was it?
Why were WWII era planes often armored, while modern ones are not?
Who were the top 10 Soviet generals of WW2?
What could have happened if Hitler had possessed the personality of Mother Theresa?
What made the 17 pounder (75 mm) gun on the Sherman firefly so much better at armor penetration than other 75 mm guns used in World War II?
If Hitler was so bad, why didn't people around him just kill him?
During World War 2, how much did the Allied Supreme Commander coordinate and manage the whole war effort?
Were Russian guns better in WW2?
How much resistance could the Japanese have realistically put up to an American invasion of the home islands?
Is it true that the Brits (urged on by the Jews) and Russia were the ones who instigated World War II?
How do I identify a WW2 British solider’s rank?
If the German Luftwaffe had won the Battle of Britain, could the Nazi's have continued to Blitz England until they eventually capitulated?
Did Hitler have an intimate relationship with Eva Braun?
What was life like in Naples, Italy, during World War Two?
How was China's society after World War 2 changed because of the Nanjing Massacre?
Why did Thailand side with the Axis powers, and did they suffer any postwar crisis like Germany and Japan?
What would have happened if Japan had declared war on Great Britain and sent its Navy to Europe and Africa during World War II in 1939?
Were airmen given weapons in case they were shot down during World War 2?
If Hitler died in WWII, what would happen to the personal oath made to him by the military?
Was there a difference between what Australian and European women would do in WWII, and what were those differences?
Did the Nazis actually have a chance to win WW2?
Were WW1 cemeteries maintained in France and Belgium while the countries were occupied by Germany in WW2?
Why did Hitler choose the swastika as the Nazi sign?
What was it like to fight on the Russian side on the Eastern Front in WW2?
Why don't Indians respect Indian soldiers who fought in World War I and II?
How many casualties on the ground are directly attributed to machine gun rounds from air combat in dog fights and large bomber formation defenses in WW2?
Which single naval vessel (including aircraft carriers) of the Second World War sank the highest number of other ships (both merchant and military ones)?
If Neville Chamberlain had forgotten his umbrella in Munich and had to return for it would WW2 been averted?
What role would the RAF's Tiger Force have played in the Pacific Theatre?
What were some circumstances of friendly fire during WWII?
What was the best aircraft the Japanese had in WW2?
How would WW2 turn out if mid air refuelling were already a thing?
What would've happened if Nazi Germany had had the same resources and manpower as the Allies?
What are some books on war strategies and World War II?
Is it true that Hitler dispatched uboats to attack the US?
Where did the British Army traditionally conduct mass war games given the relatively small size of the home territory?
What would today's world look like if the Nazis had gotten the atom bomb before the US did?
Why were the potato masher grenades used by German soldiers in WWII never produced again?
Did the majority of British conscripts in WW2 not see front line action?
How was a German U-boat different from a standard WW2 American submarine?
Did the Allies have a positive view of any high-ranking German ministers/generals other than Rommel?
What would have happened if Heinrich Himmler had become Fuhrer in the mid-1930s, if Hitler had died?
Why didn't David McCampbell make flag rank after WWII?
How can the German aggression in WW2 be described?
What happened to all the gold that the Germans stole from other countries during WWII?
What would have happened had the US used fire-bombing instead of nukes to obliterate Hiroshima/Nagasaki ?
What if Germany had stayed a collection of separate states instead of unifying in 1871?
What was life like in Nice, France during World War II?
Why did German soldiers in WW2 always have chocolate?
What are your views on the economic boycott of 1933 and the declaration of war on Germany by the Jews?
Is it true that Churchill knew the Japanese were going to bomb Pearl Harbor but concealed it from the USA?
Who would win, James Howlett from World War vs Captain America from World War 2?
How was the relationship between Hui Chinese and Tibetans with the Japanese during WWII?
How many German males died during World War II?
What was life like on the border of German-occupied Greece and neutral Turkey during World War Two?
Did Portuguese soldiers ever meet Japanese soldiers during WWII?
Why did World War II soldiers eat so much candy?
Why did US WW2 Paratroopers not do up their helmets?
How would you respond to the claim that "we should stop complaining about The Holocaust because 6 million killed is tiny compared to other genocides"?
What were Nazi Germany's biggest weaknesses?
Was Japan and Germany enemies in the years of 1944-1945?
What was included in a K ration during WW2?
What was it like to fight the Americans during World War II?
How were the Malays from Malaysia treated by the Japanese soldiers during WWII?
Did the Nazis believe that America and Britain would fall out with the Soviets and that they could make a separate peace with the Western Allies?
Why was animation used as propaganda during WWII?
Logistical problems aside, how effective might the M6A2E1 heavy tank have been in 1945 if used against German armor and infantry?
What happens if we drop an atomic bomb into a volcano?
Which nuclear bombing was worse, Nagasaki or Hiroshima?
What were the laws on illegal drug usage in Occupied Europe during World War Two?
How did Hitler benefit from the great depression?
Was the treatment of the Japanese living in the Americas during WWII justified or an unjust act of discrimination?
If you had 60 seconds before the apocalypse, who would you talk to? Why?
Did the Nazis view the Dutch as a Germanic/Aryan people racially similar to themselves?
What if Imperial Japan had the resources that the US/Soviet Union had?
What was Stalin's plan if Moscow was captured during World War 2?
Why did the Nazis want to exterminate the Roma?
How many countries went independent after the 2nd World War?
Why were the Japanese so cruel during WW2, and much before then?
Who is the last German soldier to surrender after WWII when the last Japanese soldier surrender in 1974?
Did the Allied leadership, especially in England and America, ever actually doubt their eventual victory in World War Two?
What are positive effects of WW2?
Why were there so many human rights violations during WW2?
How were soldiers discharged after World War II? By mail? In person somewhere?
Are all the people in WWII footage dead?
What would the public reaction be if World War II started today?
After the expulsion of Germans in the aftermath WW2, were any German subcultures/languages nearly or completely lost?
After the Allies broke through the lines at Normandy during WWII, did they march all the way to Germany?
It's 1940 in Germany, and you and an assassin are flung back in time. Would you save Hitler's life?
Was Erwin Rommel the greatest battalion commander ever? How would he be rated today?
What were some of Australia's toughest WWII battles on its own soil apart from Darwin and Sydney?
If the US never went into the war against the Axis powers, and the Axis won, how would life be different today?
Given the mountainous territory of Switzerland, would a Nazi invasion have failed?
What would have happened if Poland had joined Axis or Comintern (Soviet side) in WW2?
What did Japanese Americans feared after the bombing?
With so many Soviet soldiers and civilians having died in WW2 and the horrors of war, why seemingly is Russia more militaristic now than 15 years ago?
What was the level of German presence in Italy in 1940-43?
Should the US have dropped the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Were there Nazis in Switzerland in WW2?
If there was one weapon that the Allies would have wanted in WW2 from today’s arsenal of weapons, what would it be?
Why is the name "Panzer" so popular as a tank name during World War 2?
How were German soldiers treated by the local population when they occupied Italy 1943-45?
Did British casualties in WW2 start reaching WW1 levels following the D-Day invasions of June 1944?
Did all American allies agree with using the atom bomb on Japan to end WWII?
Why didn't the Allies invade southern France and move east into northern Italy? Wouldn't this have made the invasion of southern Italy unnecessary?
Did Hitler use the Jews as a prop to unite Germany?
What if the Allies had unilaterally invaded Portugal and/or Spain during WWII based on their ideological and trade relationships with the Axis?
Did the Pope order Hitler to be killed?
How did the Second World War change the Swiss society?
Why is the German passport so strong even after Germany was the source of two World Wars?
How many people died in Dresden during WW2?
What were the Nazi’s view of Asians?
What were some of the best guns Japan had in WWII?
What were the 5 bloodiest battles of WWI and WWII?
How exactly did Nazi Germany get so powerful so quickly?
How did the French military compare to the Germans in 1940?
Were there any hunters of Japanese war criminals later in the 20th century, similar to Nazi hunters?
Is the film Mediterraneo an accurate depiction of life in the Greek Isles under Italian occupation during World War II?
Who were worse in their treatment of POW's, the Japanese in the Pacific during WWII, or the Vietnamese during that conflict?
Did Nazi Germany attempt to invade Switzerland?
Did Siam join the Axis powers in WW2?
Would have Imperial Germany ever existed if Napoleon had not looted germanic states?
What were Australian troops reknown for during WWII?
Were the British generals more cautious about risking the lives of their soldiers than the American generals were in World War II?
Why did the world wars happen?
How did health insurance work in German-occupied territories during World War Two?
Did any German U-boats operate in the Pacific with the Japanese navy?
Let's say the UK is a peninsula connected to the continent rather than an island nation. What would have happened to it during World War 2?
Is it true that the only British infantry used during the Battle of the Ardennes was the 6th Airborne?
What if Stalin was assassinated by the Nazis during the war with Germany?
What if Hitler had decided to recall all German forces from occupied territories back into the borders of Nazi Germany in 1942?
Why weren't the Axis forces more politically, economically, and militarily cooperative with one another during the Second World War?
Why weren't WW2 mobility vehicles armoured like today’s JLTV and MRAP?
When was Poland at war with Italy during the second World War? Did it ever declare war?
Which would win, a completed Panzer VIII Maus or a T28 Super Heavy Tank?
Is the WW2 generation the best generation so far? If so, why or why not?
What was life like in San Marino during World War Two?
Why doesn’t anyone acknowledge that Japan vowed to ruin the US economically after the US dropped the bombs?
What was the reaction of America and its government after dropping the bombs at Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What was life like in Slovenia during World War Two?
Who was the best sniper during WW2?
What was the shooting power of some of the guns used during WWII?
If Germany’s losses after WW1 and WW2 were applied to the US, what would the maps look like?
What are the best troops of WW2?
What is the story of Queen Kubernaaga, the wife of Chandragupta II Vikramaditya?
Do Chinese and Koreans hate Japanese people of today for the atrocities committed by Japanese government during WWII?
What would you do if you traveled back in time and found yourself going in to Omaha beach on 6 June, 1944 (D-day)?
Did any Allied soldiers marry German women during or after WW2?
Is the Japanese zero fighter overrated?
What shotguns were used during World War 2?
What was life like in Andorra during World War Two?
What characterized the guns used during WWII?
Why didn't Nazi Germany pursue the return of the former German colonies in the Far East with the help of Japan?
What was life like in Vatican City during World War II?
What was life like in Romania during World War Two?
What is the original name of Hitler?
Why is the man wearing two watches in the raising of the red banner?
When did Hitler realize Germany would lose the War?
What did the Axis powers think of New Zealand troops during WW2?
Why did the Soviet Union join WW2?
In context to war profiting, how much did the USA charge the UK and USSR for all the materials supplied during WWII?
How historically accurate is Churchill's Second World War?
How long would it take for the modern US military to win World War II?
Why was the Ardennes considered impenetrable in 1939?
What happened to the Nazi gold?
What was the level of cooperation between Nazi Germany and Portugal during World War Two?
Did the British and the French work together in the Suez canal crisis?
What group of soldiers in what circumstance experienced the most horrific suffering in WW2?
How did the Allies and the Axis coordinate such a huge war effort?
Why didn't Italy and Japan borrow technology from Germany during World War 2 to build better tanks?
What important non-WWII events happened in the 1940s?
Why is Singapore excluded from most World War 2 documentaries?
If Japan didn't use Kamikaze tactic, would Japan fall before atomic bombs were used by American?
How much was known about the oil reserves in the Middle East during WW2?
Did the Chinese take revenge on the Japanese after China won WWII for the Nanking massacre?
What was life like on the border of Spain and occupied France/Vichy, France before and after D-Day?
What kind of guns were used during WWII?
What German division/s fought it out in Arnhem in 1944 against the Allies and later in Yugoslavia against the Partisans in 1945?
The INA trusted the Japanese and attacked the British in WW2. Was it the correct move?
What are some veterans words that best grasp the horror of war?
During WW2, which Soviet general was the most respected by the German Army generals?
Why was Salò chosen as capital of the Italian Social Republic in 1943?
How is it for a Japanese person to visit a World War II memorial in any country in Asia?
Why were certain countries involved in World War Two?
Which Russian battle during WW1 had the use of trenches, tanks, cannons and gas attacks?
If the German Luftwaffe had A6M2 Zeros instead of ME109s would they have won the Battle of Britain?
What if Axis had unified Allied Command?
Who do you consider was the most valuable trooper in World War II?
Were there any Americans in the Wehrmacht?
What was it like for civilians living under foreign occupation during WWII?
If you could go back in WW2 and could kill anyone during that time, who would that be? (You cannot kill Hitler or any leader of every country.)
How should Hitler be regarded, like a criminal or a psychic?
Why did Poland declare war on Japan in 1941?
Why is so little discussed about the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1920 and the Soviet plans to invade Western Europe?
Why didn't the US drop the two atomic bombs on key Japanese military bases, rather than civilian-populated cities?
What major battles did Italy fight in WW2 by itself?
If on May 10th 1940, by "magic", German troops were suddenly equipped with Allied tanks and Allied troops with German tanks, who would win?
What would have happened to Islam had Hitler won WW2?
Were all the allied or most allied nations automaticly at war with all the axis powers or was a state of war often absent?
In WW2, if a bomber crashed with the bombs still in it, would they all explode?
Granted the Suez Canal cut weeks off a ship's trip from India to the UK, but why was this so vital in WWII? Why not just go around Africa?
Why did the US government provide personal security to Einstein?
What was the likelihood of a Japanese invasion of the U.S. West Coast after Pearl Harbor?
What would have happened if the Allies had started an epidemic in Japan?
How did the Jews respond to the Germans after the World War 2?
In America, why exactly are communism and fascism frowned upon by everyone? Is this attitude reflected in other countries around the world?
What was life like in Bulgaria during World War Two?
Could the “Werewolf” military program created by the Nazis during World War 2 have affected the war in a major way if it was fully "funded"?
Did the American troops in WWII have a battle cry? If so what was it, and how effective was it.
If you shouted 'Heil Hitler' in a crowded area, what would happen?
Which would win, a completed Panzer VIII Maus or a T28 Super Heavy Tank?
What did Mexico do during World War II?
How were the Germans able to bomb England for so long?
What were the main causes of World War II?
What was life like for expelled ethnic Germans after WWII?
What would happen to the timeline if I went back in time and killed Hitler, Mussolini, and Tojo before WWII?
What was the exact procedure for getting a crashed Spitfire onto a Queen Mary trailer during WW2?
If tanks can be easily destroyed by portable anti-tank weapons, why are they still deployed in conventional warfare after WWII?
How historically accurate is Churchill's Second World War?
When Germany attacked Poland in 1939, did Hitler know he was starting WWII?
Why is Singapore excluded from most World War 2 documentaries?
What was Germany's growth rate during Hitler's reign after World War 2?
What was the contribution of Albert Einstein in World War II?
Why were Japanese-Americans sent to internment camps in 1942?
Why was Salò chosen as capital of the Italian Social Republic in 1943?
Were there any Americans in the Wehrmacht?
Where can I get a list of Buffalo soldiers in Tuscany during WW2?
Did the Soviet soldiers get R & R or leave during WW2?
Why did the US government provide personal security to Einstein?
Why did the Nazis make the Jews suffer and then kill them?
What was Hitler's reaction to Himmler's betrayal?
How did the US find allies during WWII?
How did the Jews respond to the Germans after the World War 2?
What are some of the most fascinating, lesser known stories from WW2?
Did Australian troops take part in the Italian campaign during World War II?
Who was Hitler's greatest rival within the Nazi Party?
Is the Japanese zero fighter overrated?
What was the main role of the Italian leader during WW2?
How long did WWII planes survive in air battles with such low ammunition?
Is it possible that Nazi Germany made UFOs and traveled to the moon?
Germany broke the British and American naval codes in WW2, so why did B-Dienst not have the same impact as Bletchley Park did for the Allies?
Could the Germans have launched a major offensive on USSR through Finland's territory in WW2?
What was the main conflict of World War II?
How long would it take for the modern US military to win World War II?
What happened to the Nazi gold?
Why hasn't Eastern Europe learned after WWII that democracy and nationalism aren't noble causes to fight for?
Why do white nationalists and white supremacists call themselves Nazis and support Nazi ideals?
How were horses useful during World War 2?
The INA trusted the Japanese and attacked the British in WW2. Was it the correct move?
Was the B-17 Flying Fortress a powerful weapon in WWII?
Do foreigners think that the Japanese are sneaky because of Pearl Harbor?
What if Axis had unified Allied Command?
If the German Luftwaffe had A6M2 Zeros instead of ME109s would they have won the Battle of Britain?
Did the second wave of scout planes launched by Admiral Fletcher attack when they spotted the Hiryu?
During WWII, which Allied generals were the most respected by the German Army generals?
Why didn't German tank design, following WW2, build on previous designs made in the war?
What are Japan’s World War 2 war crimes?
If Operation Sea Lion had been successful, how long would have implemented Operation Green, the Invasion of Ireland?
Why did Hitler choose to elevate the SS over the SA, particularly with the Night of the Long Knives?
In WW2, if a bomber crashed with the bombs still in it, would they all explode?
What would have happened if the Allies had started an epidemic in Japan?
How did World War II helped shape the national identify in the 20th century?
How did Axis powers (Germany, Japan & Italy) communicate during WW II?
Why did Americans and government officials want to keep the US out of foreign wars in the 20th century? How did the US government accomplish this?
Where did people go to survive the attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki? What were survivors injuries like?
Do the Japanese feel the atomic bombs saved lives?
In context to war profiting, how much did the USA charge the UK and USSR for all the materials supplied during WWII?
Before Pearl Harbor, did any Americans go to Germany to join the Whermacht or SS?
What were the effects of the Great Depression and World War II on business and labour?
How are the Nazis related to the New Order?
Did the WWII German Army include people from other countries?
What are the effects of the atomic bombs that have been dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki today?
What treaties did the US make with its allies during WWII?
Why were the Germans unable to defeat the Soviet Union?
Is it possible for a bomber in WW2 to have the 8.8 cm Flak mounted on-board as defence or for taking out ground targets?
Why did the U.S. decide to use the atomic bomb on Japan in WW2?
What was it like for civilians living under foreign occupation during WWII?
What was the US media saying about people of Japanese origin in the country during World War II?
What's with Mick Rory and Nazis?
Can WW2 SPAA be used as support vehicles for infantry?
Would W. Churchill have been a normal PM if WWII hadn't happened?
What would have happened if Little Boy hadn't gone off and safely floated down onto Hiroshima?
How is the US-Japan relationship now? How was it a decade before WWII?
Did the American troops in WWII have a battle cry? If so what was it, and how effective was it.
During WWII, who had the better pilots, the Finns or the Poles?
If the Wehrmacht had been given free will and Hitler would just have been a public figure while they fought WWII, how would WWII have played out differently?
How come the depression after WWII isn't as infamous as the depression after WWI?
Why did Germany order the invasion of Yugoslavia?
How was Mexico affected during World War II?
What if the Germans had invested a lot more resources in the intelligence sector?
Why did the Japanese often experience such high casualty rates during World War II?
What types of planes were developed during World War 2?
What type of engine was used in WWII German submarines? What about air intake into and exhaust from it?
What would have happened if the Soviets had actually won the technological competition over America and its allies?
How would've WW1 and WW2 been had there been no oil in the Middle East?
In which World War 2 battle did the U.S. turn the tide of the war in the Pacific?
Have you any first hand stories your grandad told you about combat in WW2?
Did tank crews in WWII ever personalise the inside or outside of their tank?
Would Katyusha rockets be effective today?
Did Nazi Germany use the armament factories of captured countries? Would not German and French combined production have made the Wehrmacht unbeatable?
What was the pay scale for American, British, German, and Russian soldiers in WW2?
How likely was it for civilians to be hit by AA Flak during WWII?
If the U.S won World War 2 quick enough, would they have kept working on the Manhattan Project?
In which wars has Germany or its Germanic predecessors been on the right side?
Why did General Franco not join the Axis during WW2?
Granted the Suez Canal cut weeks off a ship's trip from India to the UK, but why was this so vital in WWII? Why not just go around Africa?
Did the Allies fight the World War II with the intention of saving the Jews, or was it more of a power game?
What was the likelihood of a Japanese invasion of the U.S. West Coast after Pearl Harbor?
What would have happened if Britain and France didn't appease Hitler and increased their armed forces to rival Germany? Would it have prevented WWII?
Why were German cities and towns so decimated by aerial bombing during WW2?
How were the Germans able to bomb England for so long?
If Hitler hadn't done the Holocaust, would leftists still have ganged up on him and driven him to suicide?
In Death Traps, B. Cooper finds a secret map of Britain's Fall, 1940, WWII, beach defense preparations as being shockingly nonexistent. How bad was it?
What was life like for expelled ethnic Germans after WWII?
What are some mind blowing strategies used in world war 2?
During WW2, which American general was the most respected by the German Army generals?
If D-Day hadn't happened, would the Allies still have won the war?
What was the exact procedure for getting a crashed Spitfire onto a Queen Mary trailer during WW2?
Why are people so obsessed with Hitler and the Nazis?
If tanks can be easily destroyed by portable anti-tank weapons, why are they still deployed in conventional warfare after WWII?
What would've happened if Stalin was the one who broke the Nazi Soviet pact?
Has Germany’s economy ever been better than what it is now, e.g. pre WW1 or pre WW2?
What do Jewish WW2 survivors think of people watching documentaries on the war?
Why did so many empires fall shortly after WW2?
What is the current day equivalent of the famous WWII era "Liberator" pistol?
Did Ultra help to save lives during the Blitz?
Are some WWII firearms still effective today?
What would America and the world be like if Japan had conquered the world in WW2?
How many Allied troops/sailors were killed in Japanese kamikaze attacks during WW2?
What was Germany's growth rate during Hitler's reign after World War 2?
If the Axis were winning World War Two instead, and the situation become desperate, would the US have employed their version of the kamikaze?
What was the contribution of Albert Einstein in World War II?
Why did WWII Pacific planes have "fat" noses, while European war planes have "thin" noses?
Which movie depicts WW2 events exactly as they happened?
Did Switzerland declare war on Germany right at the end of WWII? I was told they did, but I can find no evidence.
What is your favourite war memoir?
What were the causes of World War 2 in the Pacific?
Where can I get a list of Buffalo soldiers in Tuscany during WW2?
Did the West German armed forces continue to use the equipment of the Third Reich immediately after WWII?
What were some of the most effective infantry tactics used during WW2?
Did the British soldiers fight heavily in WWII?
Why are there so many Holocaust deniers on the Internet?
How well did German Biergartens do in the USA during WWII?
What are some of the most fascinating, lesser known stories from WW2?
In World War II were soldiers grouped based on skill? Would they group a bunch of unskilled soldiers to be used for cannon fodder?
Were the Germans really bad in WWII?
Germany broke the British and American naval codes in WW2, so why did B-Dienst not have the same impact as Bletchley Park did for the Allies?
Why didn't the US bombard Normandy from the sea and air first before the D-Day?
How did Holocaust prisoners feel about their fellow prisoners?
Why was George Washington better than Hitler? He allowed slavery.
Were the Third Reich soldiers using amphetamins during long WWII battles?
If mainland Britain had surrendered in WW2 would the Commonweath have fought on?
If theocracies are so bad, how come the Crusades didn't give us the atom bomb like a World War between secularist states did?
Should I be still protesting about not going to Germany due to the Nazis?
Do foreigners think that the Japanese are sneaky because of Pearl Harbor?
What made the "Diary" of "Anne Frank" so credible at the time it was written?
During WWII the Nazis wanted to exterminate most Russians and slave what was left of them, so why are there so many neonazis in Russia these days?
Were any of the 442nd soldiers captured by the Germans? If so, how were they treated?
What are Japan’s World War 2 war crimes?
Do you think the average young man of today, between the ages of 17-25, would be able to storm the beaches of Normandy in WW2? If not, is discipline to blame?
Did Hitler really kill 6 million Jews?
Was the murder of William "Lord Haw-Haw" Joyce an example of the freedom the Allied Forces were fighting for in WWII?
Did World War II truly change American views of women?
What if American Millennials fought WW2?
What was the state of Europe and Asia before World War 2?
What did German civilians do to the Holocaust survivors in WW2, when they met them face to face? And what emotions did they have towards them?
What if the allies in WW2 had invaded the Balkans with the help of Turkey?
How did holocaust prisoners survive on such a weak diet?
Did the allies have any high ranking Nazi informants?
What was the real cause of Alan Turing downfall?
During WW2, what was the Nazis and the Fascists attitude towards Ustashe and the NDH state in Croatia? Did they made things harder for Hitler?
How many rounds are estimated to have been fired in total in WW2?
What are the effects of the atomic bombs that have been dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki today?
How did the landlord class in Germany fare out after the defeat in WW2?
Are there planes that drop naval mines or mines on battlefields?
How would I be treated in Hitler's Germany as someone who is of slavic and oriental descent?
If Weimar Germany had abolished the death penalty, would Hitler have been able to execute anyone?
Why do some historians consider the Battle of El Alamein as a major turning point to World War II in Europe?
Why did so many foreign people voluntarily join the SS?
What's with Mick Rory and Nazis?
How big would a "Vietnam wall" style memorial be if it listed the names of Soviet Army losses in WW2?
Would W. Churchill have been a normal PM if WWII hadn't happened?
Why is Vidkun Quisling so notorious compared to other Nazi collaborators?
How is the US-Japan relationship now? How was it a decade before WWII?
Is it safe to say that the Germans won WW2 and it was the Nazi party that lost?
What did WW2 German snipers wear?
Why did Germany order the invasion of Yugoslavia?
What if the Essex class aircraft carriers were commissioned earlier to the Pacific theatre?
When were WWI and WWII officially called "World Wars"?
Why were NAZI coins not called in and melted down during the Allied "Denazification" initiative?
WWII Submarines have deck guns. How were they protected from being submerged in salt water?
What would have happened if the Soviets had actually won the technological competition over America and its allies?
How would've WW1 and WW2 been had there been no oil in the Middle East?
What were the effects of WW1 and WW2 to wildlife?
How would you defend the Malay peninsula against the Japanese invasion if you were the British general in charge in December 1941?
Did Germany have any historical ally?
Would you read a World War 2 family trilogy or just want a book that spans the entire war and the family's life during the war?
What were the Japanese plans for India if they won in WW2?
Why did the ‘D-Day’ landings in 1944 spell the beginning of the end for Germany?
Are there any real world examples of soldiers booby trapping industrial machinery for use against enemy soldiers?
What was life like for Jews living in the Cyprus camps (1945-47)?
Why no one talks about Gulags? And how were they different from the Nazis’ concentration camps? I've read Gulags were even worse, is that true?
What was the pay scale for American, British, German, and Russian soldiers in WW2?
Did Japan have the industrial edge at the start of WW2?
How did WWII affect European administration and governance of colonial holdings?
If Hitler were somehow still alive and were found, would he have a legal trial or be killed right away?
Did the Allies fight the World War II with the intention of saving the Jews, or was it more of a power game?
What if Astro Boy fought against the US in WW2?
If the USSR's military weaknesses were not exposed during the Winter War, would Hitler have postponed his planned attack on the USSR?
How many submariners were there in the Royal Navy in WWII and how many were killed?
What would have happened if Gandhi was the leader of Britain during WW2?
During the bombing of Japan in WWII, why didn't General LeMay first try conventional bombing from 5,000 feet, before switching to firebombing?
What do people think about this: "the grand mosque of Paris helped Jews escape the Nazis by giving them Muslim IDs during WW2"?
What's with the inordinate number of questions on Quora each day about Hitler and the Nazis?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in the Second World War never exploded?
Why did Germany, Italy, and Japan think the world’s democracies were weaklings?
How did Hitler's childhood shape the person he eventually became?
What would happen to the timeline if I went back in time and killed Hitler, Mussolini, and Tojo before WWII?
When Hindenburg appointed Hitler Chancellor in 1933, did he foresee how destructive Hitler would be?
What are the books to read about the First and the Second World Wars?
Could the Battle of Britain have been prevented?
Why were linguists employed in cryptographic units in WW2?
Did the German army use chemical weapons on any battlefield during the Second World War?
What did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have in common?
What was happening in Israel during the mass slaughter of Jews during the rule of Hitler?
What would today's world look like if the Nazis had gotten the atom bomb before the US did?
When did Hitler realize Germany would lose the War?
What political position did Syria take after achieving its independence at the end of the Second World War?
If the tables were turned, and the Jews were the ones that had the capability to save Poles from the death camps, how do you think they would act?
In WW2, why did Japan go into other Asian countries?
What would the world be like if a global renaissance occurred in the 20th century instead of the two World Wars?
If Stalin proposed peace to the Germans a few times (1943 and early 1944), what were the Soviets’ demands (concessions or annexations)?
If WW1 and WW2 were fought without weaponry, who would win?
Why was the Ardennes considered impenetrable in 1939?
Did the Allies have a positive view of any high-ranking German ministers/generals other than Rommel?
Did Russians have to balance a sense of patriotism with a distaste for their own government after Hitler attacked them?
Why did Gandhi support the British during the World War though he was himself a supporter of nonviolence?
Is there an service that can provide me with historical documents such as transcripts from Trent Park during WW2?
Why didn't Germany mount an underground resistance movement after the WWII Allies occupied the country?
What would America and the world be like if Japan had conquered the world in WW2?
Was it possible for Japan to win the World War 2?
Why didn't David McCampbell make flag rank after WWII?
Have the 'foo fighters' ever been seen since WWII?
Churchill fought hard to keep France involved in the victory talks at top table after Germany's WWII surrender. Why are they so rude about Brits?
What was Churchill's reaction to the occupation of France?
How accurate are Hollywood movie depictions of German soldiers/officers during World War Two?
Why were Japanese-Americans sent to internment camps in 1942?
Where can I find an overview of covert communication systems from World War 2?
How did Hitler rationalize not being Aryan?
What were the causes of World War 2 in the Pacific?
Who were the main Axis powers?
Where did Holocaust survivors decide to live after the end of the war? How did they live?
During World War 2, how much did the Allied Supreme Commander coordinate and manage the whole war effort?
How could the people in Germany during World War 2 tolerate the deaths of innocent people?
In World War II, why did the Nazis believe that the Allied invasion would occur at Calais, instead of Normandy?
When was the last date that Germany was still winning World War 2?
Was the Ponte Vecchio the only bridge over the river Arno left standing after WWII?
What is the official name for the American landing on mainland Japan during WW2?
Why are there so many Holocaust deniers on the Internet?
What do you think of the theory that Stalin was planning to attack Hitler as proposed by Viktor Suvorov?
Was the Pacific War fundamentally caused by the different views of Japan and the United States towards East Asia?
Are there any WW2 weapons that are in mint condition?
Were any Allied personnel held to account for the fire bombing of Tokyo and Dresden? If not, should they have been?
Did the USA send paratroopers during WW 2 to fight in the winter?
How much leave did the German soldiers get towards the end of WW2 when they were getting harassed from all sides?
During the war, civilians running away from the war zone have been shelled by the artillery. Is this acceptable?
In which of the World Wars did the soldiers have the best morale initially?
What if America was prepared for the attack on Pearl Harbor without knowing it?
Did Australian troops take part in the Italian campaign during World War II?
How would World War II have been different if Stalin hadn't killed off a lot of his generals and other officers before the war?
How did the United States end World War II in the Pacific?
To what extent shall a population be made responsible of a failed policy of its leader?
What happened to prisoners in Europe during WWII? (Not POW)
Germany broke the British and American naval codes in WW2, so why did B-Dienst not have the same impact as Bletchley Park did for the Allies?
Did Philippe Petain speak German?
Was Adolf Hitler featured in a Coca-Cola advertisement before World War Two?
What will India's stand be if World War III occurs?
If you could go back in time and push a button which would kill double the amount of Germans that died in WW2 but would prevent WW2 would you push it?
Why didn't the Allies invade the German Baltic Sea Coast or North Sea Coast in both WW1 and WW2?
What was the main conflict of World War II?
Is it true that the Japanese Army buried some POWs alive during WW2?
Were there any notable Polish Soldiers in WW2?
What is the most similar event to World War 2 in world history?
How would you respond to the claim that "we should stop complaining about The Holocaust because 6 million killed is tiny compared to other genocides"?
What happened to the Nazi gold?
What was the Italian submarine service like during WW2?
Had the tables been turned, do you think the Jewish could have done exactly what the Nazis have done to them during the Holocaust?
What would have happened if France and the United Kingdom hadn't declared war on Germany in retaliation for its invasion of Poland?
Did the British or French have any victories in Europe, prior to the Dunkirk evacuation?
How bad were the losses in the Royal Navy in WWII?
What was life really like in Switzerland during World War II?
Did any American ever fight on the Eastern Front during World War 2?
Did World War II happen because of miscommunication? If so, how?
Was there any real alternative to the Hiroshima bombing? Was Harry Truman solely responsible for this unparalleled disregard for civilian life?
How much money did America lend the Soviet Union during World War Two?
When was the British and Chinese war, and what we're the important events during it?
Did the Jews who escaped to Jamaica during WW2 stay there after the war?
Why did World War II German light cruisers have twice as many guns at the rear of the ship as at the front?
How did Hitler react to losses?
How many people were killed in the Holocaust overall?
What made Germans want to follow Hitler and the Nazis?
Which WW II German commander took his unit West, from near Berlin, fleeing the Russians, thereby saving his unit from certain death?
What would have happened if Germany had made no pact with Russia, had invaded Poland, ignored the French and British war declarations, and invaded Russia?
How did World War 2 give India independence?
Why are Chinese people obsessed with Germany?
How did Japan benefit by handing over prisoners of war for the Indian National Army during the Second World War?
How did Axis powers (Germany, Japan & Italy) communicate during WW II?
Did World War II truly change American views of women?
Why was it such a big deal at the end of the war in the Nuremberg trials that the Nazis executed Soviet commisars when many of them were just as bad?
How many towns in Germany were never bombed during World War Two?
How did Nazi SS react when they had to do Hitler's dirty work?
Why did Hitler invade Italy?
How were Germans sentenced to death during the Nuremberg Trials?
What are the most interesting pieces of art about WW2?
Who was better educated, Hitler or Stalin?
Why did the USA choose to drop atomic bombs on Japan instead of just waiting for Operation Starvation to make Japan surrender?
What would have happened if Hitler succeeded in capturing (or killing) all allied forces that were evacuated at Dunkirk?
Apart from world war friendship, what makes German and Japan best in technology like automobile?
Was Mussolini forced to be Hitler's ally?
Why was the Third Reich so economically effective and how did they deal with competition?
Considering that Germany merely controls the world using the EU instead of the Third Reich, did Hitler basically win?
How did holocaust prisoners survive on such a weak diet?
Why was the bouncing bomb only used once?
If a high-ranked military professional from the present became Hitler's trusted advisor on January 15, 1945, would it have been possible to prolong the war until 1946?
How were, and are, the US soldiers/marines taught US Major General Smedley Butler's "War is a racket" words of wisdom?
Who were the losers and winners of the Second World War?
Was the Japanese declaration of war supposed to arrive before the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Did the Allies attack Austria in WWII?
Why is it that Japan was able to progress so much after WWII, but not the Philippines?
Before WWII, who were the most famous British pro-Nazis?
What would happen if George Patton's plan to go to war with the Soviet Union was carried out?
Why were the Yugoslav Partisans so successful in World War II?
How good were the British during WW2?
How bad did bombing a city affect its industrial capacity in WW2?
Why did the Soviet Army burn down their own fields and villages?
What was Hitler's critical mistakes that lead to the successful allied evacuation of Dunkirk?
Why did India participate in World War II?
Why was Adolf Hitler such a genocidal warlord?
Which countries fought on both sides of the war during World War II?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
In WW2 did normal people do bad things or were bad people give more power?
Should people still be thankful for the US helping or liberating them in World War II? After all, it's more than 70 years ago.
How did a small, landlocked, neutral Switzerland manage to obtain food during both World Wars?
What did America know or suspect of Japanese plans to attack Pearl Harbor or other US territories prior to December 7, 1941?
What would happen if you had mentally challenged children during WWII?
What are some trials and tribulations that people go through, that inspires others to stay motivated?
Why did they kill kids in the Holocaust?
Were there Nazis in Switzerland in WW2?
Can WW2 SPAA be used as support vehicles for infantry?
Would W. Churchill have been a normal PM if WWII hadn't happened?
Were North Indians considered Aryans by Hitler?
How would people react if Hitler was cloned?
What East European country was most anti-Semitic in the Second World War?
If Hitler had bypassed Poland and just attacked the Soviet Union full force, and then later attacked Poland to trigger a war with the rest of the Allied forces, could he have won?
Did Japan ever come close to invading Australia during World War 2?
How dangerous is war for civilians?
How much noise in dB does a soldier experience in an extremely violent battle, such as Kursk or Stalingrad?
Had Roosevelt lived, would he have used the atomic bomb, or would he have chosen another option?
Why don't we get to hear about the atrocities committed by the Imperial Japanese Army Unit 731 during WW2 as frequently as those by the Nazis?
What was the effectiveness of the German surface fleet in WW2 compared to the U-boat fleet and which was more vital to the war effort?
How did Europe recover after Word War 2?
What was life like in Andorra during World War Two?
How effective as a weapon was the TBF/TBM Avenger during WW2?
Can France be blamed for World War II?
What type of engine was used in WWII German submarines? What about air intake into and exhaust from it?
How could WW2 escort fighters match enemy interceptors that didn't need as much fuel?
If World War III were to happen, would it be the same as the other two world wars, or would something different happen?
What were some of the best guns Japan had in WWII?
Is it true that Australia planned to cede its north to Japan if it was invaded in WW2?
What were the 5 bloodiest battles of WWI and WWII?
Why did the Japanese military want 'comfort women' (more questions in the details)?
How have the Czechs taken responsibility for their extensive atrocities and murder of the German population after World War II?
How did the death of Isoroku Yamamoto affect the Japanese forces other than morale loss?
What would have happened if Hitler declared victory in Europe, and did not attack Britain?
What are the similarities between Modi regime and Hitler regime and their ideologies?
If Hitler hadn't invaded Russia, would he have won WWII?
Why did Adolf Hitler burn the Jews?
Are there any London WWII evacuees alive?
On a WW II Honorable Discharge document, what does Basic Training AAA (521) mean?
How long would Nazism have lasted in Germany without WW2 and the Lebensraum policy?
Can the US return to the "post WWII" level of success?
What role did the French military play in World War 2?
Could Germany have won World War 2 if Hitler wasn't in charge?
Should the Allies have dissolved Bavaria instead of Prussia, since the Nazi movement started there?
If Japan invents time travel today, what could they possibly do to prevent the occurrence of catastrophic nuclear attacks in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What did the French wear in WW2? Are horizon blue uniforms used in obsolete 3rd line infantry divisions?
Are there any notable Japanese who are against the Yasukuni Shrine and truly apologetic for WW2?
Why did the piston aircraft engines in World War II need more horsepower, if what they needed to do was just spin the blade?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the MP40 or the Tommy Gun?
How did WWII affect European administration and governance of colonial holdings?
In WWII, were there any benefits for voluntarily going to fight as opposed to just waiting to be drafted?
Did any German U-boats operate in the Pacific with the Japanese navy?
Why did the United States support French control of Vietnam after World War II?
How much are WWII German 8mm armor-piercing rounds worth?
Let's say the UK is a peninsula connected to the continent rather than an island nation. What would have happened to it during World War 2?
What went on behind the scenes in the Japanese goverment while the atomic bombs were being dropped? Why didn’t they surrender after the first bomb?
Did the Japanese have their own SS units in World War 2 like Germany (excluding Unit 731)?
What happened to all those that voted for Hitler?
What was life like in Bulgaria during World War Two?
In WW2 ,why didn't the imperial Japanese army attack the Soviets at the same time of the German operation (Barbarossa)?
Why did Soviet soldiers treat occupied states so poorly, even those who weren't aligned with the Axis?
What was the German air force like during WW2?
How did World War II change foreign policy?
Who ensures that controversial books remain as they were as written by their authors after events like world war?
Have you visited any World War 2 battle site in the South Pacific such as Guadalcanal, New Britain, or Bougainville?
How well did collaborators in Paris live during the Nazi occupation compared to how well they lived prior to the fall of France?
Why did FDR ask Stalin to break the Non-aggression Pact and attack Japan if he knew the US was going to succeed in the atomic bomb development?
If Jews and Slavs are racial Caucasoids, why did Hitler want to exterminate them?
Why didn't Hitler try to capture Gibraltar?
Is the evil Japanese portrayed in American WWII propaganda posters Tojo Hideki or Emperor Hirohito?
Since so many soldiers died in WWI/II, if they had never happened would the nations’ militaries be much, much bigger (since 30+ million died)?
If you could go back in time to a pivotal moment in history, e.g. the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and you had a chance to stop it, would you change history and all that follows, or let it be?
Was Adolf Hitler circumcised?
Should the U.S. have destroyed Nagasaki with the second bomb?
What's the breakdown of the millions besides Jews killed in the Holocaust?
Why didn't Hitler use chemical weapons on the Eastern Front? Didn’t he think the soviets were less than human?
What other cities beside Leningrad were besieged by the Germans in WW2?
Is there any symbolism to a human tooth hidden in a firearm's grip?
What is the film where about 300 Japanese troops refuse to surrender after the war ends, the Americans convince them, then leave the jungle marching?
What would have happened if the US had not dropped the atomic bombs on Japan?
Was it possible for Nazi Germany to ally with the USSR?
Did the UK give up its empire because after WW2 it could no longer economically afford it?
Why were the Wehrmacht so surprised about the weather in Barbarossa, if the the German winters are often very harsh too?
What role did UN played in preventing any war after WW2?
How tough was the 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion in World War 2?
What would have happened if the British Empire had joined Germany in World War Two?
How intelligent was Theodor Morell? Was he sabotaging Hitlers plans? Or was he genuinely trying to help Hitler with his cause?
How strong was the US Navy power in the Atlantic in WW2?
Why do some people believe that the Holocaust never took place?
How can the German aggression in WW2 be described?
How many fleet battle carriers did the U.S. lose in World War II?
Imagine yourself as a German around the time of WWII. You listen to Hitler's speeches. Do you join the Nazis?
Why was air cover not able to destroy the German beach defences during the Omaha landings?
What is the point of having nukes? We could've stopped using them after WWII.
What are some examples of WW2 propaganda posters with their explanation?
What if the Acropolis of Athens had been devastated during WII bombardments?
How is it for a Japanese person to visit a World War II memorial in any country in Asia?
How close are we to another world war?
What style of fighting did the Japanese use in WW2?
What effect did WWII have on Russia population-wise?
Which world war was most significant for Canada?
Why didn’t the Japanese ask Mao Zedong to be their ally and puppet ruler of China during World War II?
If you could go back in WW2 and could kill anyone during that time, who would that be? (You cannot kill Hitler or any leader of every country.)
Was the bombing of Al-Shifa justified?
If the ME 262 was perfected earlier, would it have changed the war?
Why did Italy join the side of Germany and Japan in the World War 2?
From the German opposing military perspective, who was the best general they fought against? Montgomery, Patton, Zhukov, etc in WWII?
If Jews were at risk during WW2, could they not have changed religion and then after the WW changed back to Judaism?
What if Poland attacked Germany in September 1939 instead of Germany first invading?
What are some interesting myths/propaganda from the Axis about the Allies?
What were the best armored fighter planes of world war II?
What are some reasons that prove that the internment of Japanese Americans wasn't caused by economic issues, including land and business ownership?
If I bought a painting stolen from a Jewish owner in WW2, why should I give it back?
Would Commonwealth soldiers from different nations have fought alongside each other in WW2?
Did Americans plunder Italian art treasures in WW2?
Is current Germany as powerful as Nazi Germany was?
How did the Germans lose in World War II?
If Hitler had invaded the Soviet Union immediately after Poland and concentrated all of Germany’s efforts towards it, could he have prevailed?
Did Hitler really commit suicide?
What role would the RAF's Tiger Force have played in the Pacific Theatre?
Could Hitler win if he never attacked USSR and USSR never attacked them?
Where did soldiers buy knives during WWII?
How do the Germans look back at WW2 in the present day?
How might history differ if the USA only retaliated against Japan in WW2 and not entered Europe?
How did the US entering WWII go from 500,000 troops total to being able to fight on three fronts?
What were Hitler's views on the other individual races of the world?
Who would win, Jimmy Patterson (Medal of Honor: Frontline) or Jack Reese (Pokemon Mystery Dungeon)?
Could Switzerland have successfully resisted a Nazi invasion in the 1940s?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
How long did WWII planes survive in air battles with such low ammunition?
What did the Howling Commandos do after the war?
Would a world war have come in the 20th Century anyways regardless of the rise of Nazi Germany?
How do the Poles feel today about the various British and French betrayals in 1939 and in 1945?
What happened to Berlin after WW2?
Was there a time in WW2 that the Americans and regular German army fought together against the SS?
How would you rank American generals in WW2?
Why didn't Nazi Germany invade Pakistan?
Why did the Soviet Union join WW2?
Were there any Japanese soldiers who served in WW1 and emigrated and fought Japanese soldiers in WW2?
Did the British people in WWII really go to prison for not finishing all the food on their plates?
Did Turkey support Nazi Germany and Hitler?
What if Stalin had been overthrown by his own people during World War 2 and they had surrendered to the Axis?
Did the allies commit any large scale war crimes in WWII?
What was rationing in Germany like during WWII?
What would have happened if Germany had started WWII five years later?
Where can I find WWII US and German army personnel records?
Do you think that Trump's administration major public policies slightly resemble those that Hitler implemented during the Third Reich of Germany?
In what battles during WW2 did two big armies clash against each other in the fields, like in the old times, like on a medieval and Napoleonic scale?
Were there any LRDG-type troops in Italy in WW2?
Was Stalin actually considering an armistice with Hitler if a second front was not opened up in 1944 and would Hitler have accepted it? What happens?
Why is India developing the country after 69 years of independence? Japan developed after the Second World War atomic attack.
How much did the armies in World War 2 live off the land?
What was the last Nazi concentration camp to be liberated?
What made Germany the best trained infantry units in WW2?
Is Julio Pino a Nazi?
Which year were the Nazis at their most evil?
Did Adolf Hitler offer an alliance to Britain in WWII?
Did the Japanese fleet bound for Pearl Harbor encounter any foreign vessels en route to their attack?
If the Japanese and/or the Germans had have won WW2 and defeated America, would they have had the resources to occupy the US?
What do you think should be done so that Western countries properly commemorate the USSR's massive sacrifice to defeat Nazi Germany?
Are bystanders more sadistic than the bully?
How did Australians serve Australia by fighting for the British in Gallipoli and elsewhere in World War 2?
Which division is the better SS or SAS?
Why were Nazis like Lammerding and von Below not prosecuted after the war?
If Japan was nicer to China and Southeast Asian countries during World War 2, could have they won the war?
Why did America attack Japan with nuclear bombs?
Who was the better painter: Hitler or Churchill?
Were there any Jewish people left in East Germany (The GDR) after WW2 and during the Cold War?
What is a realistic way the Nazis could have won WWII?
What happened with the best and the most experienced Wehrmacht or SS soldiers after the WW2? Did some of them become mercenaries in other wars?
With the Jewish population halved in WWII, was their repatriation to occupied Palestine ideal, given the arability of the land and history of disputes?
Were the western allies on the wrong side of WWII?
Will San Francisco be like what The Man in the High Castle has predicted if Japan really had won WWII?
What were Hitler’s favorite shows?
Hitler's economic policies were incoherent with German people's need and wants. How far do you agree?
You are the leader of Germany in spring 1943. What do you do to ensure Germany does not fall? You can't win but the Allies have no A-Bomb.
What would happen if modern wars were fought with WW2 weapons and equipment?
Do you think WW III is about to begin?
Where can I find a summary of Operation Spring in WW2?
What were the successes of the Nazis until 1939?
What if WW2 continued into 1945 and 1946?
At the end of World War 2, if America and Britain had decided to go to war against the USSR or vice-versa, who would have won? Why?
What do Turks think about Hitler?
What happened to Hitler's body after the Battle of Berlin?
What was the aftermath of Stalingrad?
Near the end of the war, how did Hitler keep his power?
Did the British and the French work together in the Suez canal crisis?
How long would it take for Japan to surrender if operation downfall was a go?
How did the rule of Hitler come to an end? Who killed him eventually?
Was the shape of the Atom bombs in WWII purely pragmatic, or did they have a theatrical aspect to them?
Why did the US bomb Japan in WWII instead of invading mainland Japan?
Let's say Russia invades eastern Germany. How many Germans will be happy?
Did the world become a better place after the Second World War?
Is there any other city which was caught under severe destruction like Hiroshima and Nagasaki witnessed?
In WWII, my Dad recalls that Joe Kennedy's airplane was brought down by a secret weapon. What was it?
What happened to important Austrians after it was annexed by Germany in 1938?
How would you envisage the world after a third world war?
Why did the Nazis choose Madagaskar to exile European Jewish people and why not choose Cyprus?
How were British RAF deserters treated during WWII? Were they executed as in WWI?
Would World War 2 have had a different course if Hitler knew more about history?
How were World War I veterans treated in the Soviet Union, after the Russian Civil War?
What was the US media saying about people of Japanese origin in the country during World War II?
Would 2 M1A1 Abrams be enough to win the WW2 battles for the Americans?
It's 1941 and Hitler dies of a heart attack, the new leader is Erwin Rommel. How do you think the war would have gone and what events would have taken place?
Why did the USSR wait until after the atom bomb to invade Manchuria? Why didn't it invade earlier?
Why did the allies win World War I?
What were the greatest science awards of the Third Reich?
How many German officers continued to serve in the army after WWII?
Why does Field Marshall Erwin Rommel have a better reputation in the modern world than other contemporary Nazi leaders?
If Hitler died in WWII, what would happen to the personal oath made to him by the military?
Did Stalin change history?
What would possibly have happened if the Japanese had won at Midway and had captured the Hawaiian Islands?
What if Argentina and Brazil had joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
If there was one weapon that the Allies would have wanted in WW2 from today’s arsenal of weapons, what would it be?
Given the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact between Stalin and Hitler, why didn't that eventually translate into an Axis alliance with Italy and Japan?
What would the repercussions have been had Nazi Germany killed a member of the British Royal Family during the Battle of Britain?
Just like the allies that landed on normandy, if Nazis had landed on England, what would have happened?
Did the American troops in WWII have a battle cry? If so what was it, and how effective was it.
What if, after the second world war, the USA and the USSR focused on their armies instead of nukes?
Was Hitler one of the good guys?
Was it humane by the Germans to shoot the wounded Americans in Saving Private Ryan?
Did Mussolini really say Stalin created "Red fascism"?
Did Hitler use the Jews as a prop to unite Germany?
Who were the most prolific and decorated airmen in World War II?
Is the French-German border the same today as it was in 1939 (before WW2)?
What happened in Oradour-Sur-Glane, France in 1944?
How did the economic recovery of Germany and Japan after World War II affect the United States?
What are some unknown stories of WW2?
What was life like on Corsica during the Second World War?
Did Germany/Nazis really fight WW2 alone, nearly defeating the entire world?
What would have happened if Stalin had captured the entire Nazi Germany in 1945?
Why are the Germans so liberal these days?
Was support for Nazism greater in Austria than in Germany during the Second World War?
Did the Waffen-SS conduct suicide bombing attacks?
How did Hitler’s promised jobs help him to rise to power?
If the M3 Stuart battled against the Japanese Ha Go tank who would win (Referencing the Philippine defence during WW2)?
Why do some soldiers simply pocket their medals?
Who were worse in their treatment of POW's, the Japanese in the Pacific during WWII, or the Vietnamese during that conflict?
Did the US personnel in Germany, post WW2, learn Nazi propaganda techniques, and used them to jump start the US Pentecostal Movement?
What if Poland had been an ally of Germany during WW 2?
Why did the ‘D-Day’ landings in 1944 spell the beginning of the end for Germany?
Who did Hitler love?
How would WW2 have played out had Germany successfully blocked the evacuation of Dunkirk?
During recon operations in WW2, how did recon vehicles avoid getting spotted and easily destroyed by an antitank cannon/tank?
What would have happened if Hitler had sent his tanks to destroy the BEF forces trying to evacuate from Dunkirk, instead of just relying on aircraft?
What was the capture of German Samoa?
Why was Hitler such a Nazi?
During WW2, how successful were the Germans at intercepting and codebreaking Allied communications?
Was Taiwan used as the bread basket for Japan during World War 2?
Are Europeans ingrates towards Britain, considering it entered both World Wars for their benefit?
What were Australian troops reknown for during WWII?
Why did the Germans in World War 2 have more advanced weapons, tanks, and other things?
Why did Hitler believe that he could win over everybody (England, USA, France, and Russia) in WWII? Didn't he realize that he would eventually lose?
Were all the allied or most allied nations automaticly at war with all the axis powers or was a state of war often absent?
Why did Hitler decide to have an armed wing of the SS (Waffen) in parallel to the Wehrmacht?
What happened to Rommel after WW2?
What made World War 2 worse?
Why did the US originally want to stay out of the war?
What are the differences in attitudes between the Germans and the Japanese towards their respective roles in WWII?
Are the French Resistance fighters of WWII underappreciated?
What if Italy won the First Isonzo battle?
On Anzac Day in WW2, did the Anzacs attack Turkey or the Ottoman Empire?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
Could the Nazis have developed an intelligence agency in 1933 which would've help them win the war? If yes, how?
If you were in charge of a personal, World War II-era army, what would be their equipment, weapons, and uniforms be like?
What if Astro Boy fought against the US in WW2?
What happened to Hitler's relatives after World War II?
Did Hitler prevent crime in Germany while in power?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
What precisely were the British and French war aims in September 1939?
Were the Waffen-SS soldiers really war criminals?
How did world war two affect woman's economic role in the U.S?
What if Operation Unthinkable happened?
Could the USSR have faced the Germans, without the resources sent by the West?
What if Italy had competent generals in WW2?
Who played the parts of Japanese soldiers in American WWII films, during that conflict?
Is it possible (and efficient) to supply an army by firing the supplies with artillery pieces? If so, could the Germans had used it in Stalingrad?
Was World War II a new pattern for how wars would be fought in the future? Why or why not?
Were people of partial Jewish heritage, whom the Nazis called “Mischlings”, socially marginalised in Nazi Germany?
How would have WW2 been different if the US Army fought the Japanese, while the Marines fought Germany?
What were the great measures of the Nazi Germany?
How historically accurate is Churchill's Second World War?
Why did the Axis underestemate the power of the Allies in WW2?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
What was the condition of India during World War I & II?
What would have happened if Heinrich Himmler had become Fuhrer in the mid-1930s, if Hitler had died?
Why aren't we as horiffied by the North Korean prison camps as we are by the concentration camps in World War 2?
When Germany attacked Poland in 1939, did Hitler know he was starting WWII?
How did the Americans and British view each other during the inter-war years?
Why is Singapore excluded from most World War 2 documentaries?
What if Erich von Manstein was Fuhrer of Germany during WW2? Would Germany lose the war? And what about the Holocaust?
How many Allied troops/sailors were killed in Japanese kamikaze attacks during WW2?
Can you sort Mussolini, Horthy, Philippe Pétain, Quisling, Tsar Boris, Francisco Franco, Mannerheim and Antonescu by their level of antisemitism?
What/when was Germany's last chance to win WW2?
What happened to all the gold that the Germans stole from other countries during WWII?
How did Hitler’s army deal with killing innocent Jews?
What Jewish artists did Hitler hate most?
What is your favourite war memoir?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
Why did the Axis forces not attack Gibraltar?
Why didn’t the Doolittle Raiders land in the Soviet Union?
Who do you consider was the most valuable trooper in World War II?
Why did German soldiers in WW2 always have chocolate?
Did Hitler receive an answer when he complained about the deportation of Volga Germans?
What US National Guard unit saw the most combat in World War II?
What are your views on the economic boycott of 1933 and the declaration of war on Germany by the Jews?
Why didn't the RAF up gun their WW2 heavy bombers .303 gun turrets to cannon or even .5 machine guns? Their fighter opponents were armed with cannons.
What is the most anti Semitic quote by Heinrich Himmler?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
What similarities does our present society and politics share with that of pre-World War 2 society and politics?
Could Manstein's "Backhand Blow" have been the last chance for a German victory on the Eastern Front?
Is there any legitimacy to the claim that Albert Pike foretold the conditions of the two world wars and one to come between the Muslims and the West?
Do we still find traces of War on Omaha beach?
What was Hitler's objective for invading North Africa?
Which is the best book about Wold War I and World War II?
Which nation did the most in defeating the Axis Powers in World War 2?
What was it like to fight on the Russian side on the Eastern Front in WW2?
If World War 2 hadn't taken place, what differences would we see today?
What were the main causes of World War 1 and 2?
Why did the US invade the Philippines instead of Taiwan in 1944? Airports in Taiwan made it possible to bomb mainland Japan.
Who was the most important Allied leader of World War II?
How did Hitler react to Chaplin's The Great Dictator?
What was the alleged Allied planned fate for Adolf Hitler had he been captured alive?
Could an M4 Sherman make for a good hull-mounted SPG/TD?
Where did the US planes come from that bombed Laoag, Philippines on October 18-20, 1944 during WW2?
What are the similarities of the growing police state in the United States and Nazi Germany during World War II?
Were there many soldiers in World War 1 and World War 2 who served on different sides because they changed their citizenship?
How quick could a blitzkrieg be in WW2?
What colour badge did "race mixers" receive in the Nazi concentration camps?
If, during WW II in Poland, you were a Jew who didn't look Jewish, would you lie about your religion?
If we gave Germans in 1941 the modern weapons the US has today (except nuclear bombs), would they have won the war?
What WW2 US and British tank did the Nazis fear the most/have the biggest "fear factor"?
How is World War Two taught in Japan?
Could a plane like the BV238 launch fighters like the FW-190?
What was Hitler’s motto?
What if Japan did more damage at Pearl Harbor?
In Stalingrad (1943), the two adversaries take a break to retrieve the wounded. What did the Russian soldier exchange for the German's bread?
Was Japan and Germany enemies in the years of 1944-1945?
How could Germany be so powerful as to almost win World War II without having any big colonies and big powers by its side?
What would have happened if the invasion of Sicily turned out to be a total failure and the Western Allies had an armistice with Italy and Germany?
It's 1934, you're President of Mexico and joined the Axis. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy would you use to help the Axis win the war?
Did Hitler ever say anything about Nazism rising again?
Who was responsible for the Katyn massacre, the Nazis or the Soviets?
What would Hitler think of hip-hop?
Did the super KV2 actually exist?
Who was worse during WWII: Japan or US?
The Philippines was regarded as the second most industrious nation in East Asia post WWII, next to Japan, what happened?
How did the US and USSR go from allies during World War 2 to enemies on the brink of nuclear destruction during the Cold War?
What good did the world wars bring?
Did the Command & Conquer: Red Alert games help indirectly to spread the myth that the USSR would have invaded Europe had Germany not attacked the USSR?
Did Italy really try to ally itself with Germany during World War II or is that just more of Trump's "alternative facts"?
What is the truth about Nazism? What was the Third Reich?
Did Hitler really kill 6 million Jews?
Who misled Hitler?
What did the Nazis think of the British, the US and the Russian military tactics and discipline?
Would the Germans who put up incredible resistance on D-Day have stopped the landings had their Panzers arrived?
Was General Eisenhower ever punished for the inhuman treatment he gave to 700,000 German POWs at the end of WWII?
What derogatory terms did Russians use for Germans during World War II?
Why do we complain about Nazis rather than Socialists, since Stalin killed way more people than Hitler did?
Which countries gave support for WW2 but never declared war on either side?
What if American Millennials fought WW2?
Why did Americans and government officials want to keep the US out of foreign wars in the 20th century? How did the US government accomplish this?
In an all-out brawl between World War 2 light tanks, which country would win?
Would Martin Bormann have been tried at Nuremberg if he had survived the war? Would he have been convicted, based on the available evidence?
Do Chinese and Koreans hate Japanese people of today for the atrocities committed by Japanese government during WWII?
How was the Muslim world divided before WW2?
How many people were killed by the Nazis from 1933 until the end of August 1939?
Why was the aluminium from wrappers collected during World War II?
How would D-Day have been affected if the Battle of Dieppe had never happened, or if it had succeeded?
Were there many battles between a single destroyer and a German u-boat in WW2, such as depicted in the movie "The Enemy Below"?
Why do nations tolerate Erdogan and his Nazi accusations?
How many POWs escaped from the Soviet Union after WWII?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
What would have happened if Hitler had delayed Operation Barbarossa until April or May 1942?
Why did Herschel Grynszpan kill a German official instead of a Polish official in revenge for the suffering of his family?
During times of war, like WW2, does the creditor still go after the debtor?
Why are today's battlefield uniforms not as elegant as they used to be during the World War II era?
Why did Sean Spicer refer to Nazi death camps as "Holocaust Centers"?
Why is Hitler so revered when he was a failure?
Instead of trying to explain why Syria is worse than Nazi Germany, should Trump request that Germany compensate those who died in concentration camps?
Had the Nazis won WWII, what would have happened to the Muslim world?
What would happen if someone from the future helped Hitler to win the war?
If the Americans came first to Berlin before the Soviets, would Hitler have not committed suicide?
How was Germany after 1945?
Why does nobody realize that Hitler escaped and founded KFC?
Would you see that a large part of the reason for why Germany lost the war was because they had to help Mussolini?
How would the best computers during WWII compare to devices today?
What did German soldiers think of the British soldiers?
Why wasn’t sarin gas used in the Holocaust?
What would the military doctrine look like, if a WWI- or WWII-era military were up against a high fantasy world’s military?
Is cancer a real WW2 drama or a deficiency of B17?
Is there a book that explains how and why the Holocaust happened?
What if Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president during WW2?
Did any Japanese soldiers survive the banzai charges during WW2?
Was Hitler a good, mediocre or bad army commander?
Did FDR provoke the Japanese into World War 2?
What would American and German troops do if they encountered Kranvagns and STRV-103bs on the battlefield? (WW2)
Why didn't Hitler make peace with Stalin when he was losing the war?
In which war were the two opposing sides more balanced, World War I or World War 2?
What made Canada particularly effective during the D-Day invasion?
Why was Nazi Germany so hard to defeat?
In high school in the U.S., when do you start learning about WW2?
During World War II, how much did the Chinese contribute to the defeat of the Axis? What manpower, material, and battles did they contribute?
Why didn't Hitler and the Nazi empire attack to the east?
Was World War II a revolution?
Why did Hitler not order his troops to quickly circle Moscow, thereby reducing Russia’s counteroffensive initiatives before winter came?
What would have happened if D-Day had never happened and the Red Army had marched through Nazi occupied Europe to the French coast?
What were the Nazi’s view of Asians?
Why didn't America drop one atom bomb on Tokyo instead of one each on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How was it like for a American to come back home from WW2?
Are you a former member of the 5th Scottish Parachute Battalion?
At the end of World War II, how did the Allies view fascist Spain?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
Why did China participate in WWII?
How long did WW2 last and why did it last for so long?
How could the Japanese have counter the "Boom and Zoom" tactics used by the P40's in China?
Did the Soviets like the lend-leased Sherman tanks from the US during WWII?
How bad was it be a Jewish in Germany during Adolf Hitler's regime?
What did a family life consist of during World War 2?
Is Einstein worse than Hitler and Stalin combined since the nuclear holocaust will kill far more combined?
Why didn’t Japan invade the USSR when the German’s were close to Moscow in 1942?
Where did Hitler kill himself?
What are some facts that may change the way we view Hitler?
Since 1914, what has been the biggest war not including the 2 world wars?
What did the Germans use to take over Poland?
What, in your opinion, are the top three reasons for Germany losing World War 2 and why?
How can the world get rid of wars?
Do you think the Hitler mustache will ever be accepted in society years from now once WWII and its generation are further back in history?
Why isn't the same mentality the Japanese soldiers had in World War II implemented in today's soldiers?
Why did General Franco not join the Axis during WW2?
How was the US able to perfect the supply line for overseas operations in WWII but no other country could?
What would have happened if the NSDAP became a terrorist organization after the war ended in 1945?
Do you think that Germany deserved to lose territories after WW2?
What would have happened if, in 1933, the Middle Eastern nations (Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Palestine, and Egypt) had gotten full independence from France and the UK?
What was life like in Spain during World War I and World War II?
Who had the toughest job on D-Day?
My wife's grandmother had money stolen by the Nazis during WWII. Is there any way to recover this money?
Was the Tachikawa airplane company related to the Nakajima airplane company?
How much of a difference would it have made if Spain joined the Axis powers after the fall of France?
Which army had the best equipped soldiers during WWII?
What caused more deaths in WW2: artillery or small arms?
How were Wrens formed in WW2?
Is the Galactic Empire the equivalent of Imperial Germany, while the First Order is Nazi Germany?
What differences became matters of life and death during the holocaust?
Why didn't Hitler escape rather than committing suicide?
Were Italians as despised as Germans in post-World War II Britain?
Are suicide attacks on military targets (like Japanese Kamikaze in WW2) war crimes?
How did World War I era Germans differ from World War II ones?
Why would police officers detain Japanese-Americans during WW2?
What effects did the British Naval blockade have on Germany and how did the German government react?
Where did the British Army traditionally conduct mass war games given the relatively small size of the home territory?
Do you know a WWII veteran that is willing to tell their story?
During WWII, did men on aircraft carriers wear different colored clothing?
Was Adolph Hitler a beast in the sack?
Was it the Nukes that caused Japan to surrender or Russia's invasion of Manchuria?
If Britain needed to replicate the WW2 effort, could they?
Why did India side with Germany and Japan in WWII?
What would be a reasonable estimate for Allied friendly-fire casualties during D-Day?
If the Japanese had invaded Macau would the Portugese end their neutrality?
How did WWII autopilots work?
Following WWII, was every German who participated in the transport and death of people to the concentration camps considered a war criminal?
Why do New Caledonia and French Polynesia remain loyal to Free French Forces despite being in the Pacific ocean during WWII ?
Which movie depicts WW2 events exactly as they happened?
Why did German commanders give salutation to troops while they were passing?
If Hitler had died in 1938, would he have been remembered as the greatest or one of the greatest Germans to ever live? (I know he's Austrian.)
What happened in Bad Gastein, Austria during World War Two?
Why did the French return to Vietnam after WWII?
What was the legal status of black people in Nazi Germany? Were they taken to concentration camps?
How many deaths was Winston Churchill responsible for?
What were the most important locations involved with Greece during World War II?
What does the WW2 generation of English people think of Americans/America?
If Nazi and USSR were socialists, why didn’t they become allies?
How well did German Biergartens do in the USA during WWII?
How widespread was pro-Nazi sentiment in post-war Germany?
Did Hitler become megalomaniacal or was he megalomaniacal to begin with?
Did WW2 fighters protect the pilot against machine gun fire?
Is the Holocaust not enough to prove that God does not exist?
Not including heavy bombing campaigns, did Western Allied forces mainly go out of their way to avoid civilian casualties?
Did Hitler fail to realise he was going to trigger an arms race?
Were sadists within Nazi Germany intentionally given power, specifically in both concentration camps and the SS?
How should a modern-day person wrap their mind around why the USA needed to drop such huge bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why was Erwin Rommel respected even by his enemies?
Why didn't Japan try to force or threaten invasion for food and oil from the USSR, to avoid being forced to attack America?
Was World War 1 more chaotic than World War 2?
Would the method of non-violent opposition to the Nazis have failed during the Holocaust?
If you were in command of the German forces in Normandy, how would you defend the beaches with the historical units available?
If the Japanese viewed Hirohito as a god, then how is it that war policy was dictated by the Imperial Japanese Army during WW2?
Do Italians know they occupied the Meditarreanian Region during the Turks' Independency War?
How long would Japan have continued WW2 if the US had followed the invasion of Okinawa with a naval blockade and not the atomic bombings?
How fast would World War 2 have ended if the Allies had attacked the Axis without resistance (and vice versa)?
Did the Chinese take revenge on the Japanese after China won WWII for the Nanking massacre?
What was South America's role in WWII?
Was there a battle at Villers-Bretonneux during the Second World War?
What role did the churches of Germany play in the Third Reich?
During WW2 would it have been possible to cross the Atlantic in a civilian boat?
What made the 17 pounder (75 mm) gun on the Sherman firefly so much better at armor penetration than other 75 mm guns used in World War II?
Why do the USA and Russia hate each other when they were united against Hitler in WW2?
If Hitler was brought back in time, what would he do differently?
When did the liberal world order start? Was it after WW II or in the 19th century Great Britain?
Where can I find a list of German Jewish WW1 veterans?
What are Japan’s World War 2 war crimes?
How do I identify a WW2 British solider’s rank?
If you had 60 seconds before the apocalypse, who would you talk to? Why?
What if Imperial Japan had the resources that the US/Soviet Union had?
Would the Soviets still win WWII without USA leases?
Is it true that there were still Jews living as civilians in Berlin at the end of WW2? If so, how?
Which planes were better at destroying tanks in WW2? German or Allied?
If you had a everlasting smartphone with access to wikipedia, and was sent back to the start of WW2 could you help?
What if Hitler made the Jews fight instead of killing them? He would've had so many more millions of people to fight.
What would have happened if the Allies had started an epidemic in Japan?
Is there a chance Donald Trump will instigate WWIII?
If Nazi Germany didn't start WW2 and decided to be another European country, would National Socialism still exist in Germany today?
What was the public opinion of Hirohito in Japan after WW2?
Could Hindenburg have stopped Hitler in 1933?
If the soldiers of the Wehrmacht in 1939 had all been armed with H&K G3 rifles, how would that have changed the outcome of the War?
Did Britain execute deserters during WWII?
Why does Japan always remind the world of the atrocities committed against Asian countries during World War II?
If it did actually happen, what would explain Japanese soldiers' cannibalism of Australian prisoners in WW2?
Is the WW2 generation the best generation so far? If so, why or why not?
Can a WWII Panzerfaust be useful against modern APCs, from M113s, BMPs, Bradleys, etc.?
What is one thing that Hitler could've changed to win WWII?
How were the Malays affected during the Japanese occupation?
What would have been the result of a Soviet invasion on Germany in, say, the 1950s, assuming that Germany halted its advances after France?
If Operation Sea Lion went as planned and Hitler died, what would have happened next with America out of the way?
How different would the WW2 Italian campaign have been if Patton were in charge instead of General Mark Clark?
Who would win WW3 if we pretended nuclear warheads did not exist?
What was the world population before and after WWII?
How do special forces soldiers in World War 2 compare with those today?
Should the attack on Pearl Harbour be considered controversial?
Did the WWII German Army include people from other countries?
Did Sherman tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
Why did the British destroy the Dublin GPO during the Easter Uprising?
What if Hitler had allowed the British army to escape France unharmed and then ceased hostilities against Great Britain?
Was Nazi Germany a success or a failure?
What is a good book about the Nazi invasion and occupation of France, Belgium, and the Netherlands?
How many people are there who deny the Holocaust?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Are there planes that drop naval mines or mines on battlefields?
If there had been no Hitler, where would we be now in 2017?
Is it Holocaust denial to call people Nazis who have done nothing close to what Hitler did?
Why were there so few trenches in WW2?
What would the world be like today if Hitler was assassinated in 1940 and Rommel became the Chancellor?
Who would win between WW1 Italy and WW2 Italy?
What was the organization of the WWII Paramarines, and what would it look like today?
What was it like for civilians living under foreign occupation during WWII?
If Weimar Germany had abolished the death penalty, would Hitler have been able to execute anyone?
Were Jews repressed in the Principality of Andorra during World War II?
If the Spitfire had not been designed, would Germany have won WWII?
What were the strategies used by China in World War 2?
Were pilots in World War 2 concerned about flying certain air routes over occupied Europe?
What would've happened to Finland if the Soviet Union had won the Winter War?
In Nagasaki and Hiroshima, how would the bombing have played out within the cities? How is such devastation recovered from?
How big would a "Vietnam wall" style memorial be if it listed the names of Soviet Army losses in WW2?
Why did the Germans send a V2 rocket into space during WW2?
How were the Germans made to co-operate under WW2?
Did the Nazis actually have a chance to win WW2?
How long were the Japanese in the internment camps?
Was there any Nazi soldier who tried to save or saved some Jews? What happened to Dr. Jozef Mengele after WWII?
How did the Berlin Airlift end?
How was China able to hold Japan in World War 2?
Is China's role in WWII fighting the Japanese underappreciated?
To what extent did the home front impact the outcome of World War II?
Did prisoners fight in WW 2?
Can the armament of a WWII-era Fletcher-class destroyer do any appreciable amount of damage to a modern coast guard vessel?
How did the fascist Franco-Spain regime practice the fascism ideology post-WWII?
Why is the victory day celebrated on different dates?
If the scale of atrocities committed by the Japanese in WW2 surpassed what the Nazis did, why do the Nazis get more hate?
How can we end war?
Which country fought back in World War Two?
If Robert E. Howard had lived through World War II, would the experience have modified his Aryan worldview?
If you told the Nazis you were hiding Jews, what would happen to you?
If Napoleon Bonaparte lived in Adolf Hitler’s era and France was threatened by him, what would he do then?
Were Jewish converts to Christianity, before Nazi Germany (1800-1930), more successful academically than their Orthodox counterparts?
Why are Serbs so obsessed with WW2 and the Ustashe?
If the Côte d'Azur had been German property, would there still have been a World War I & II?
Who will be on Australia’s side, if WW3 breaks out with North Korea?
Why is the German passport so strong even after Germany was the source of two World Wars?
Was the nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki the noblest deeds in history?
Was Hitler innocent according to Brits?
What was the most important battle of WW2?
Who had a better chance to win? The Axis or the Central Powers?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early ‘40s were terrifying. Why did they not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Did the Allies try to evacuate Singapore like they did Crete and Dunkirk?
What would Sri Lanka look like if the Axis powers had won World War 2?
The Nazi regime benefited ordinary German citizens in some ways. How were they exonerated from the devastation that Nazism caused?
During the Battle for the Atlantic in WWII, how many planes, trucks, rifles, etc., were lost? I only hear about the tonnage of materials lost.
If you were in a tank battle during WW2, which WW2 medium tank would you like to have?
To what degree did the British and Commonwealth forces fighting in Burma (1941/5) contribute to the overall defeat of Japan in WW2 ?
What does Julio Pino think about Adolf Hitler?
Were Americans during WW2 ever doubtful we would win?
What were the biggest military mistakes of all time?
What would have happened if Winston Churchill was an American?
Could someone rise to power in the U.S.A. as Hitler did in Germany? Why, or why not?
How would the world be different today if Hitler had won World War 2?
What do you think is the ultimate lesson people should remember about the Holocaust?
Are there any real world examples of soldiers booby trapping industrial machinery for use against enemy soldiers?
How does WWII affect the world today?
Why were watches not allowed during MHTCET?
If Hitler was so bad, why didn't people around him just kill him?
How many D-Day veterans are still alive?
Did Japan have the industrial edge at the start of WW2?
Would WWII-era fighters be more maneuverable if there was a workable design for a thrust vectoring propeller engine? What would be its drawbacks?
Have there been massive, large scale fire bombings (such as Dresden or Tokyo) since WW2?
In WW2 , why didn't Germany have aircraft carriers? Do they have any today?
Where, and in what conditions, were the Kharkov Nazi war criminals kept in prior to trial and execution?
Did the USAAF in WW2 use modern terminology like "bogey" and "bandit"?
If Hitler were somehow still alive and were found, would he have a legal trial or be killed right away?
Which WWII fighter was overall the best: the Supermarine Spitfire or the Messerschmitt Bf109?
What did the Axis powers call the Allies?
The archipelago of Hawaii goes back in time 75 years from 6 December 2016. What's next?
Why isn't Operation Bagration discussed more from the Western point of view of WW2?
Why didn't the Germans use Ardo Torpedo bombers and FW 200s to destroy British shipping?
Would the Chinese ever want to get back at Japan for all the atrocities from WWII?
Why did German soldiers had chocolate?
Why don't Indians respect Indian soldiers who fought in World War I and II?
Why was Germany divided into two countries after WW2?
What are some things that Adolf Hitler did that positively affected society back then, and even now?
Were all generals who were tried at the Nuremberg trials actually guilty?
To what extent did the breaking of Purple cipher help the American to win the Battle of Midway?
Who were the main countries in WW2?
You've been given command of the Singapore garrison two years prior to the outbreak of WW2. What changes do you make, and can you avoid eventual defeat?
If Hitler hadn’t been a racist, would he have been a good guy?
What did those who piloted the DO-335 think of it?
Was Nazi Germany privy to information about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor? Was there cooperation between the Axis powers - specifically Japan?
Did Hitler and his fellow German officers go to Argentina to hide after they have surrendered during WW2?
Given that almost all UK fire engine turntable ladders were German in WW2, how were they maintained for their crucial role?
In Death Traps, B. Cooper finds a secret map of Britain's Fall, 1940, WWII, beach defense preparations as being shockingly nonexistent. How bad was it?
Why did some SS units kept fighting even after the death of Hitler?
What if Hitler was a good guy?
How popular were Bodoni fonts by WWII?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers?
Why was the sign above Buchenwald different from other concentration camps?
What happened to Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the two cities that were devastated by nuclear bombs, after the war?
Did the battlegrounds of World War II recover?
How did Americans treat Japanese POWs during WW2?
If you had been a major leader of a European country in 1936-1939, how would you have stopped Hitler from amassing an empire while preventing a large scale war?
How was a flak gun so effective against aircraft in WWII? Are there easy ways to shoot a moving target?
Who would win all of WW2, Europe or modern United States?
What percentage of houses were destroyed during Adolf Hitler’s war in Germany during World War II?
Can a WW2 panzerfaust destroy a modern tank like an Abrams?
What was like to live in rural Italy during the 1940s?
How was a German U-boat different from a standard WW2 American submarine?
How did 'The Hitler Youth Haircut' come back to life?
Why is Germany the only country in the world that acknowledges having done wrong and feels guilty for the crimes committed in the Second World War?
What impacts did the Muslim world have as a result of World War 2?
Was there any impact of the Holocaust on Germany's chances of winning WWII?
During WW2, after Germany took France, what if Germany had taken the Suez Canal, Malta, and not declared war on the USA? Could they have defeated Britain?
Which is the strongest armed force in WW2?
Why did Hitler consider Slavic people to be "Asiatic"?
How/why did Stavka choose the name "Operation Uranus" for Stalingrad's encirclement?
If the Nazis won and we were under a modern Nazi Germany, would we still feel bad about the Holocaust?
What was Hitler's opinion of Bulgaria?
Was Japan restricted to develop aircraft manufacturing after WW 2?
After the liberation of France, why wasn't Petain shot for treason like some of the other Vichy collaborators?
In the 1984 version of "Red Dawn", is there a scenario in which the Soviet invasion could have succeeded?
Would Hitler still have committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviet Union?
Were Americans detained in Japan during World War II?
How did Hitler help India?
Would Nazi Germany have risen to power if Hitler had gotten into art school?
What are some good books for learning about WWII?
How can I be like Hitler?
Did the US build French tanks in WW2?
Were the Japanese and Italians also hated by the world like Germans after WW2?
Why were Nazis the main bad guys in WW2 when the Japanese killed more and did more damage?
With the recent change of events, are we looking​ at World War III in the near future​?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
Did the Soviets take many prisoners in Berlin?
In WW2, did America's Allies know about the nuclear bomb?
Why did the Nazis make the Jews suffer and then kill them?
What was Hitler's reaction to Himmler's betrayal?
On US WW2 warships, what is the deck made of?
What organization was dedicated to solving problems peacefully after WWII and one that still exists today?
Why did Japan choose to attack the USA and the British Empire simultaneously instead of only attacking the British Empire during WWII?
After all the 'secrecy' of the Normandy landings, were the Allied ships attacked by the Luftwaffe? How could they miss the Armada?
Were the Russians just as ruthless towards the Jews as the Nazis?
If there was no WWII, would US women's economic role/labor force participation have developed more slowly in history?
Did Truman drop the atomic bombs to "impress" the Soviets?
Who was Hitler's greatest rival within the Nazi Party?
Tiger (Panzer VI) or Panther (Panzer V)? Which would you rather command?
If FDR had still been the president at the end of WW2, would he have made Britain pay back their war debt as he clearly wanted to back Britain in the war?
Whom would the title of Führer have gone to after Hitler's death?
Which authority granted power to the Israelis to hunt German WW II veterans?
What would you do if you traveled back in time and found yourself going in to Omaha beach on 6 June, 1944 (D-day)?
What is the world and life?
Why did Poland have such a large Jewish population (over 2 million) before World War 2?
What would happen during World War 2 if Emperor Hirohito was killed during a bombing raid?
Do most Afghans think the US was a foreign invader trying to conquer them during the War on Terror in 2001-2014?
When American men were drafted in WWII, what protections did they have to protect their homes from foreclosure while at war?
Did Japan's two victories over the Mongols lead to a feeling of invincibility in World War Two?
What was the role of Benito Mussolini in WW2?
Why is D-Day referred to as the longest day?
What was it like to fight the Americans during World War II?
How long will the Third Reich, aka the European Union, last?
What are some unbelievable drugs that were used at the time of World War 2?
Was Himmler scared of Hitler?
How were horses useful during World War 2?
How many prisoners of war from the Axis Powers are buried in USA?
What is a night fighter in WW2 terms?
What would the effect be if we replaced both bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki with two Tsar Bombas?
Would Poland be better off today with pre-WWII borders?
Do foreigners think that the Japanese are sneaky because of Pearl Harbor?
What if Axis had unified Allied Command?
If the German Luftwaffe had A6M2 Zeros instead of ME109s would they have won the Battle of Britain?
What would have been more useful to win World War 2: a WW2 historian, a modern armored division, or a modern aircraft carrier?
What was the United States' president contribution during WW2?
What was Syria's role in World War 2?
Could German soldiers talk to allied soldiers in neutral Sweden, during WW2?
Who won the Battle of Cape Matapan?
How early did the Nazi Germany and the Western Allies begin to cooperate secretly against the Soviet army during World War 2?
What would have happened to Hitler if he was captured alive?
If Operation Sea Lion had been successful, how long would have implemented Operation Green, the Invasion of Ireland?
Would someone compare the bomb loads of World War 2 bombers to modern-day bombers?
Why haven't France and Britain paid Poland reparations for their betrayal of Poland during World War 2?
What are some tips to write a summary about World War I and World War II?
What are some amazing photos of the French resistance in WW2?
What were German prisoners of war camps like?
What if, during the Holocaust, the roles were swapped?
If WWII was a free for all, which nation would’ve won?
As global tensions rise, who will be the Axis and Allies of WW3?
What do you think about Serbia in WWII?
What did the Nazis do to the Jews?
What was the clothing like in World War 2?
What’s the reason for the craze for Baahubali 2 world wide?
What events made a Christmas truce memorable during World War 1 & 2?
How would World War II have played out if Henry Wallace had been elected Vice President in 1944 instead of Harry S. Truman?
What are the similarities and differences between WW2 Stalingrad (Nazis vs Soviet) and Mosul (ISIS vs Iraq) today?
Who is your favorite WWII leader and why?
Why is Alan Turing not mentioned in my Modern World History textbook?
What would have happened if Hitler had not commited suicide?
What if the allies in WW2 had invaded the Balkans with the help of Turkey?
How come the U.S. never really bothered to develop a heavy tank in numbers like they did with the M4 during WW2?
Will it take another world war for tax rates on the rich to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
What are some jokes that soldiers told about the different armed forces from around the world - in WWII?
For those who believe WWIII will not happen due to the rationality of humans, were WWI and II started for rational reasons?
In context to war profiting, how much did the USA charge the UK and USSR for all the materials supplied during WWII?
Before Pearl Harbor, did any Americans go to Germany to join the Whermacht or SS?
Isn't it mind-boggling that WWII only ended 72 years ago?
What was the point of Kamikazes in the Pacific front during WW2?
Were there soldiers that were known to not mind killing and as a result sent on numerous tours? Are these veterans usually open and verbose about it?
Could an atomic bomb in 1945 theoretically have been fitted onto a V-2 rocket?
How did the Allies "denazify" Germany? Everyone was brainwashed.
What 4 nations held control of Berlin and Germany at the end of WW2?
Are German U-Boats still trying to sink American merchant ships going to the UK or did that mostly end after WW2?
Is the word "Amazigh" a historical fabrication to trick people that dates back to the end of the WWII era?
Why didn't Italy commit war crimes in WW lI?
Without the 2 front war could Germany win WW2?
The year is 1933, and you are Il Duce. War in 1939 is inevitable. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis to win the war?
What could have happened if Hitler had possessed the personality of Mother Theresa?
What are some good books about U-boats with a lot of pictures and technical drawings that are available as ebook?
How is Japan different now from its WWII Shinto world dominance days?
What was the weather and terrain like for the paratroopers landing in Normandy during D-day?
Why is the era after WWII associated with nuclear warfare?
Was the US Green Beret based on the beret worn by British commandos during WW11?
What are some of the most cruel atrocities and some lesser-known facts of World War II that the Japanese are trying to hide from the world?
History belongs to the victor. How would modern history have been written if Nazi Germany had won World War 2?
Why is the name "Panzer" so popular as a tank name during World War 2?
How can the significance of WW2 be explained?
How could the Luftwaffe have been more effective and better?
In WW2 why didn't U boats just gang up on convoys?
Is it accurate that Hitler's generals advised him, Germany would not be ready for war until 1946?
Was Adolf Hitler a great speaker?
What if Charles I of Spain had never split Spain and the HRE and allowed Phillip II to inherit it all?
Was Japan being fearful of US planes in the Philippines attacking their oil shipments from the Dutch East Indies rational?
Why did the Italian military act so cowardly in WWII?
Overall, in the whole duration of WW2, did the U-boats have an effect on Allied shipping?
When was Poland at war with Italy during the second World War? Did it ever declare war?
Did the Pope order Hitler to be killed?
What would have happened if the USA had not entered WWII against Germany?
How good were the Imperial Japanese forces during WW2, compared to the UK, USA, German and Soviet forces?
How many tanks were made in WW2?
To what degree did World War 2 significantly change the lives of American women?
How much did Norwegians cooperate with Nazi Germany?
What benefit would the Allies of World War II gain for fabricating the Holocaust? (I don't deny the Holocaust and I am not a Nazi.)
Why didn't the Nazis simply destroy Stalingrad from the air and let the troops go around it?
Would the world be different if Axis had won WW2 instead of Allies?
How would WWII have ended if a massive alien fleet had attacked the earth?
Why did Germany initiate WWII after just having lost WWI?
Was Germany a backward country before Hitler?
Which facts support the theory that Hitler ran to South America?
If a German and Japanese from early 1942 time traveled to the present day, would they believe they won the war?
If Japan didn't use suicide charging as a war tactic during WW2, how would the Pacific theater change?
Where can I find cheap World War 2 replicas?
How would you defend the Malay peninsula against the Japanese invasion if you were the British general in charge in December 1941?
Without the English Channel, would Britain have been defeated by Nazi Germany?
How did Spain stay neutral in WW2, even though Hitler pressured Franco to join as Germany's ally?
Why did Adolf Hitler join the German Army?
In which World War 2 battle did the U.S. turn the tide of the war in the Pacific?
Who is the most prolific writer of war stories?
What would have happened if Nazi Germany had invaded France before Poland?
If Hitler didn't kill himself, who among his most trusted staff would kill him in the Fuhrerbunker?
Why were Joseph Stalin and Chiang Kai-shek enemies?
How did Vasily Chuikov contribute during WWII?
What was life like for Jews living in the Cyprus camps (1945-47)?
If Hitler had won World War II, would Germany have become the language that English is now? Would Japan have many more anime and manga fans?
What was Japan's reaction to Germany's defeat during WWII?
Did Nazi Germany use the armament factories of captured countries? Would not German and French combined production have made the Wehrmacht unbeatable?
Did Adolf Hitler do good things in improving Germany?
What if the Beer Hall Putsch had succeeded? Would Hitler have gained power in 1923?
How long were prisoners in concentration camps permitted to sleep?
How many countries in world after getting independence didn't suffer civil war?
If the U.S won World War 2 quick enough, would they have kept working on the Manhattan Project?
What was the best French tank in World War 2?
Is Arizona State University’s mascot Sparky the Sun Devil a World War II-era Japanese stereotype?
Would it have been better if the USA made a temporary alliance with Nazi Germany to fight the Soviet Union?
What was the worst decision Hitler made during World War 2?
Did World War 2 accelerate the British movement to decolonize?
Why are there questions about World Wars 1 and 2 on Quora if saying the opposite of common knowledge is forbidden/banned?
Is it true that thousands of Catholic priests were interred in Dachau during the Third Reich?
What are some subheadings for the topic Hitler as a cause for WW2? E.g., Treaty of Versailles, etc.
Did Adolf Hitler know about the death camps at all?
Is France responsible for Vel' d'Hiv (round up of Jews) given that it was under Nazi control?
Why wasn’t Hirohito hanged for crimes against humanity?
How many miles were "marched" in total in WWII?
Why don't schools in the US talk much about World War II?
How is Atwater prison camp?
Why did World War II start? Who won it? Can you give insights or give references?
What could have been done on 1 September 1939 (when Germany invaded Poland)?
Why weren't WW2 mobility vehicles armoured like today’s JLTV and MRAP?
What are the steps Nazi Germany could have taken in 1933-1935 which would help them in winning the war?
If Britain was communist, would that mean that Nazi Germany had invaded Britain successfully instead of the USSR?
Should today’s Germans feel guilty for their WW2 history?
What would have happened to the Allied war effort if Germany had successfully invaded Great Britain before attacking the Soviet Union?
If German aces Manfred von Richthofen (Red Baron) and Erich Hartmann had been pilots in the 21st century, would they have been as successful?
In the 1930s, were southern Germans more anti-Semitic yet less pro-Nazis than northern Germans?
Why did US soldiers rape French women when they were their allies in World War II?
How can the events of World War Two be briefly summarized?
How effective was was the Sonderkommando Elbe at its mission against the Allied bombing campaign?
What happened to the 1937's International Exposition Nazi and Soviet (and every other) pavilions?
How did the Soviets learn about the Manhattan Project?
Why did the Russians treat their fellow Slavs (the Poles) so horribly during World War 2?
Is it true that Hitler dispatched uboats to attack the US?
How powerful is the MOAB used on Afganistan as compared to atomic bombs used on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What would have happened if the Second World War had never taken place?
What was the sentiment of the German people during WWII when it became obvious that the war was being lost?
What were the political changes after WW2?
Did the US keep their entire fleet after WW2?
What was it like to live under Nazi occupation?
How can wars become world wars?
What are your favorite WWII movies and/or TV shows?
Why did Germany think it could attack more than one country at a time during WW1?
What if the Allies kept fighting WWII against the Soviet Union?
Do narcissists empathize or even sympathize with holocaust survivors?
Before and during WWII, did Germany and Japan have comic book heroes similar to Captain America, Superman, the Boy Commandos, etc. fighting the Allies?
How did decolonization shift power after WWII?
Did anyone who fought for the Allies in WW2 who deserved or won the Iron Cross because their actions greatly benefited the Axis powers?
How can I shorten an essay about the Battle of Stalingrad for a PowerPoint presentation?
If Hitler had retaken Leningrad, then captured Stalingrad, and on the other side Russia had kept their stand in Moscow, what would Stalin’s next plan have been?
Did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have military significance or were they purely civilian targets?
What butterfly effect could have prevented World War II or Nazism?
Did the US warn the people of Hiroshima about the bombing, and if so, did any of them leave?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
Was there a difference between what Australian and European women would do in WWII, and what were those differences?
Was Hitler killed, or did he run to safety? He did not commit suicide.
If the Soviet Union surrendered in 1942, would the Allied Powers still have been able to defeat Nazi Germany?
What are some good books/resources about military wars/battles/skirmishes (particularly the ones pertaining to the U.S. after WWII)?
Had Hitler withdrawn from most of northern France, giving it to Vichy, would it have helped him to win the war (by freeing men to the east, etc.)?
Would Britain speak German if the Nazis had won WWII?
Would Germany have won WWII if they had not wasted so much of their resources transporting, housing and murdering Jews?
What was Nazi Germany's approach against capitalism?
What if Emperor Harsha defeated Pulakeshin II? Could he have expanded south?
Had Germany kept the Nonaggression Pact with Russia, what could have been the possible outcome of WW2?
How do you think WWII would have turned out if the internet and computers had existed the way they do now?
Is there any record of a Nazi testimony / witness description of his perspective of D-Day?
Who had better fighter planes during WW2, Germans or Russians?
Why did China allow Japan drag its feet in clearing the huge amounts of chemical weapons it left behind in China after its defeat in World War II?
What would the American political system be like if a powerful socialist party existed in the United States after the Second World War?
Should we exterminate the Nazis?
How many survivors of the Bataan Death March survived the sinkings of both hell ships Oryoku Maru and Enoura Maru?
How many books have been written on Adolf Hitler?
Were there any Americans serving as German soldiers during WWII?
How were the WW2 Battleships sunk at Taranto, Alexandria and Pearl Harbor refloated and repaired?
What if Nazi Germany successfully defeated Britain before invading the Soviet Union during World War II?
How can you describe Korea's participation during WW2?
Did any Burmese fought for the British during the WWII?
Were the soldiers of WWII better trained, because they couldn't rely on technology as much?
What characterized the guns used during WWII?
What are the designations for all the WW2 German Merchant Raiders?
Many of us have started to talk about World War 3. What is the reason behind that?
Were horizon blue uniforms used by obsolete units of the French during WW2 by the Fall of France?
How did Hitler achieve his goal of taking Czechoslovakia?
What was the Allied strategy in the Pacific during WWII?
Why were the German tanks so bad compared to the USA and the USSR?
How have depictions of World War I changed over time in American pop culture?
Do you think Italy should've stayed out of the Axis?
What did Hitler think of Stalin’s great purge and the Katyn massacre?
Are nuclear shadows the carbon remains of people who died in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why didn't the US bombard Normandy from the sea and air first before the D-Day?
Why are there so many Wehrmacht groupies on Quora?
What peace attempts did Stalin do to nazi-Germany in the period 1941-43?
If the USSR had liberated all of Europe from the Nazis (due to US inaction/failed Normandy landings), would the USSR collapse earlier or later?
What major conflicts has the U.S. lost after World War 2?
During World War Two how did the military decide where to send troops?
How far have we come from WW2 handheld weapons?
What if Japan joined the allies?
Why was animation used as propaganda during WWII?
How did the Italians end up switching sides in both WW1 and WW2?
What important non-WWII events happened in the 1940s?
Why do white nationalists and white supremacists call themselves Nazis and support Nazi ideals?
What are some reasons that prove that Japanese Americans weren't sent to internment camps due to concerns about national security threats?
What were the laws on illegal drug usage in Occupied Europe during World War Two?
Why hasn't Eastern Europe learned after WWII that democracy and nationalism aren't noble causes to fight for?
Who are some of the greatest heroes of WWII, in your opinion?
What if Napoleon ruled France and fought Germany during WWII, with both having the same ambition, East?
How underrated was Greece in World War 2?
Did the second wave of scout planes launched by Admiral Fletcher attack when they spotted the Hiryu?
Why didn't Germany bomb any landmarks during the London Blitz?
Did the Nazis plan the holocaust from the beginning?
If the Nazis hadn't had their camps, would FDR be looked upon worse due to the internment of Japanese Americans?
If all the Jewish scientists escaping Nazi persecution escaped to the USSR instead of the US, how would it alter the course of history?
Did WW2 combat engineers carry rifles, carry just pistols, or were they unarmed?
How should Hitler be regarded, like a criminal or a psychic?
Did the Japanese succeed in invading Singapore?
Why did Poland declare war on Japan in 1941?
What did British and Commonwealth soldiers think of the Lee Enfield during WW2?
Why did Hitler choose to elevate the SS over the SA, particularly with the Night of the Long Knives?
What are some interesting stories related to Einstein and World War II?
What is the best book about World history, before, during, and after the World Wars?
What is your favorite World War 1/2 video game and why?
In the era of World War II, was it easier to train a good fighter pilot or a competent bomber crew?
Has America committed war atrocities like the Nazis or Japanese? The only one I can think of (my ignorance most likely) is the trail of tears?
Who is the last German soldier to surrender after WWII when the last Japanese soldier surrender in 1974?
Why were the Japanese so cruel during WW2, and much before then?
How can I be a good speaker like Hitler was?
In spite of having dropped nuclear bombs on Japan, how come the USA and Japan have become strong allies?
How did World War I era German helmets differ from World War II ones?
The atomic bombing of Hiroshima actually killed less Japanese civilians than the fire-bombing of Tokyo several weeks earlier. Why was there no outcry after the Tokyo bombing?
How did black soldiers feel after WWII?
Were the German military tactics and strategies better than those of the Allied forces?
What was the time period of WW2?
What would have happened if Germany had declared war in WW1 with WW2-standard weapon equipment and tools?
How would an F-35 do in World War 2? Would it change the outcome of the war on the level of the nuclear bombs?
What was the significance of the Soviet invasion of Manchuria during the last stages of World War 2?
What would the world be like if in World War II instead of bombing Japan, we bombed Germany?
Do the Japanese feel the atomic bombs saved lives?
How long would a tank have lasted before being destroyed during WWII?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
How did Nazi war criminals get hold of cyanide pills?
How did Greece manage to escape Soviet occupation after the Second World War?
The late George Carlin once stated that Germany lost WWII but fascism won. Was he right?
Had Hitler lived through WW2, would he have been tried first or last at Nuremberg?
Why were German helmets curved?
How would the Allied attack on Normandy in 1944 have been different if modern aircraft had been available?
What were the effects of the Great Depression and World War II on business and labour?
Was George Rockwell of the American Nazi Party a bad guy?
How did the Jewish refugees in Japan during WW2 convince the Japanese not to follow the request of Hitler to kill them all?
Would anime have been created if World War 2 had never happened?
What percentage of the world economy is generated by the war machine?
How many Pakistani soldiers die in a year?
If you lived in the house of Adolf Hitler (or similar) when he was still developing his ideologies, is the holocaust your fault?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
If Germany won WW2, what would life be like in the UK?
I found some evidence that Japan planned to attack NY Harbor after Pearl Harbor. Given the distance, were they capable of carrying out such an attack?
Why did the U.S. decide to use the atomic bomb on Japan in WW2?
What is the secret behind the Nazi war machinery light years ahead in technology than their Allied & other Axis counterparts?
What would've happened if the USA joined the Axis powers in WWII?
Why was the Soviet Union not charged with war crimes for World War II (e.g., due to the Poland massacres)?
Is there anything good that the USA did during WWII for ending the war?
How could fascism survive in several countries after WW2?
Would America have gotten into WW2 if Japan wouldn't have attacked America's stuff?
Why were Polish WW2 prisoners of war offered relocation to Australia or Canada?
How did World War 2 affect literature?
How did Germany rebuild its population after WWII and the huge loss of men?
What are the different types of planes used in WW2?
How were the communications technology in tanks and aircraft during WW1?
Did involvement in World War II help women and minorities achieve greater social, economic, political influence and opportunities within the US?
How did planes land on WW2 aircraft carriers?
What was the First World War called before the Second World War happened?
How much metal was used to make all the bullets fired in World War 2?
Could the “Werewolf” military program created by the Nazis during World War 2 have affected the war in a major way if it was fully "funded"?
If a domestic passenger jet flew at 40,000 feet over Europe during WW2, would it be relatively safe from being shot down?
How far along were the Japanese in building an atomic bomb in WW2?
What did the Normandy planners learn from Gallipoli?
Had the Germans won the Battle of Britain, would Operation Sea Lion have had any real chance of success?
How did WW2 change Ukraine's economy?
If the WW2 Allied soldiers had worn modern-day army clothing (bulletproof vests), would it have made for fewer casualties?
When were WWI and WWII officially called "World Wars"?
What if, during WWII, Germany had been communist and Russia had been fascist?
What happened to Jewish children adopted to German parents during WWII?
What was the Japanese economic policy in WW1, the interwar period and WW2?
How much of the famous atrocities committed by the Japanese during WW2 are propaganda?
What was the best bolt action rifle of world war 2 for the allies and the axis powers?
Did the British know about the Holocaust before the breakout of WW2?
To which extent was WWII a war of resources?
Were any light raiding vehicles used by the Germans in WWII?
How did the Second World War change the Swiss society?
What are some interesting, amazing, untold stories from World War II about the navies of countries not considered to be major sea powers?
Pretending there are no dependency on each other, could WW2 era allied military defeat modern day axis military in a conventional war?
Why was there a 1st and 6th Airborne Division, but no 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th?
What were the major problems faced by the third Reich and how were they tackled post the enabling act of 1933?
WWII Submarines have deck guns. How were they protected from being submerged in salt water?
To what extent have the Americans compensated the Japanese people for their decision to drop the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why was the Vietnam War more controversial than WWII even though we lost more men in WWII?
Are there any families named Hitler today?
Why do tanks (German, WW2) move with their cannons directed not forward during times of no engagement on roads?
What would have happened if the Soviets had actually won the technological competition over America and its allies?
What were the short-term effects of World War II?
Was Monty ever given any other active role in any other major Allied operational planning after his dismal plan for Operation Market Garden?
What would have happened if Hitler did launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did the Nazis choose to attack the Soviets, rather than attacking the UK?
What if the Holocaust didn't happen and Hitler killed Slavs instead?
Why did nationalism grow in European nations after World War II?
Could a modern day Denmark, in 1940, withstand a German invasion?
Did Nazi Germany attempt to invade Switzerland?
Why were the Nazis able to carry out the Holocaust without any major protests from the German population?
Some believe the US administration's major policies resemble those of the Third Reich. What do you think best represents the two governments?
What do Germans think about the land they lost after the WWs?
Did France, Germany, and Russia pat the USA’s back after WW2?
Were Hitler's last orders to destroy Germany entirely in a scorched earth policy?
What was each nation known best for in WWII?
Is the German military of WWII overrated on Quora?
Who were some philosophers during the world wars, what did they do?
Did academic grades matter for US military service during World War II?
You’re Hitler in 1933. What do you do in order to win WW2?
How many people of Japanese descent died in internment camps during World War 2?
Was Australia attacked during the World Wars?
Did the Japanese and the Germans trade in torpedo technology during WW2?
Is WWII Germany stronger than today’s North Korea?
What major battles did Italy fight in WW2 by itself?
What if after Mons the Dunkirk evacuation had taken place in WWI? Would there have been a Battle of Britain or possible threat of invasion?
Did the French government compensate the UK for liberating their country from German occupation during WW2? If not, how has the UK benefited?
Is it possible to win the whole world like Hitler?
What was the purpose of the jeeps in World War II?
What if Germany had atomic bombs in WW2?
What was life like in Nazi Germany for non-Jewish Aryans?
What would happen if India got its freedom before World War 2?
Did Churchill know about the Pearl Harbour attack before it took place?
Who was the greatest German general of WW2?
Which would win, a completed Panzer VIII Maus or a T28 Super Heavy Tank?
Why is the royal navy so small now compared to what it was in WW2?
Does Neville Chamberlain deserve scorn?
Did the Japanese respect the foreign embassies in China during WW2?
Would the victory of Imperialist Britain during World War 2 actually have helped its colonies avoid the possible severe tyranny under the Nazi regime if the latter had won?
What were the main causes of World War II?
What was the role of movies in World War II?
How was President Truman's decision to drop the atomic bombs on Japan greeted in America, and what is thought of it today?
Were South Africa's cities predominantly white before the outbreak of World War Two?
What are some famous United States infantry units from World War 2? They can be from any state in the USA.
How much ammunition did the Marines carry in WWII?
If tanks can be easily destroyed by portable anti-tank weapons, why are they still deployed in conventional warfare after WWII?
If there was a third world war in this decade, who would be the USA's allies? Who would side with who?
What would happen if Hitler were to come back?
Has Germany’s economy ever been better than what it is now, e.g. pre WW1 or pre WW2?
What type of security did these World War II dictators have?
Why did Japan attack pearl harbor during WW2 as USA was neutral state at that time?
Was the Holocaust just Allied propaganda?
What was life in Germany like under Hitler?
What were considered the most famous/infamous or well-known military units in the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy?
How differently would World War 2 have gone if the attack on Pearl Harbor had happened in late 1942 instead of December?
When did the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor hit the news in New York City (local time)?
What was the contribution of Albert Einstein in World War II?
If the Axis were winning World War Two instead, and the situation become desperate, would the US have employed their version of the kamikaze?
If China enters a "real" war, how does that affect the world economy?
During WW2 how important was Singapore to NZ/AU and Britain?
How well trained was the average Japanese soldier/marine in WWII?
What would happen if after WW2 the four zones of Germany were imperialized by the countries controlling them?
Why did the Berlin Airlift begin its operations?
How were Karl Max’s social and economic reforms so effective that the world was divided into 2 blocs?
What did Canada do on D-Day?
How many submarine wars have been fought after World War II, around the world?
Did the West German armed forces continue to use the equipment of the Third Reich immediately after WWII?
Is it true that Churchill knew the Japanese were going to bomb Pearl Harbor but concealed it from the USA?
Under what conditions could Germany and the Soviet Union have reached a stalemate during WWII?
What would have happened if Hitler had been judged for his crimes?
If the German Luftwaffe had won the Battle of Britain, could the Nazi's have continued to Blitz England until they eventually capitulated?
If the Nazis had not persecuted the Jews - would they have been seen as the good guys against the USSR?
What were some of the most effective infantry tactics used during WW2?
What would happen if India had fallen during World War 2?
Why did Britain sign a defence agreement with Poland in 1939, despite it being unprepared for war?
Why didn't Japan & Germany pursue their nuclear agenda during WW2 in spite of having talented scientists?
Why did America practice isolationism before the world wars?
In WW2, Hitler didn't use his massive supply of gas weapons. Is it likely that in a WW3 scenario, no one would use nuclear weapons?
Can a non-Jewish person that feels traumatized by the Holocaust be entitled to be compensated by Germany?
How did the Jews respond to the Germans after the World War 2?
Why did Adolf Hitler suicide?
What was life like on the border of Spain and occupied France/Vichy, France before and after D-Day?
Why did Hitler not take over Canada?
Which combat weapon gave the greatest tactical advantage in WW2?
What if Hitler had decided to recall all German forces from occupied territories back into the borders of Nazi Germany in 1942?
What were the most reliable side arms and rifles used in World War II?
How was popular culture in the United States affected during WW2?
What are some of the unknown facts about World War II?
What was the reaction of America and its government after dropping the bombs at Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What was the initial, immediate treatment of German non-combatant citizens like after the fall of Berlin in WWII?
What would have happened if the Red Army hadn't been purged? What would have been the outcome of the Winter War and WWII?
What would have happened if World War II had actually started in 1949?
Where would Hitler be now if he didn't commit suicide?
How did the U.S military used to choose whether a volunteer would fight on the Pacific or Europe in WW2? Did the volunteer have a say on it?
Why were there blackouts during World War 2?
Has Austria given up all its looted Nazi art?
Were Japanese soldiers allowed to keep their katana out of respect?
Did the U.S. Navy participate at all in the European, Mediterranean, African, and Middle Eastern theaters during WW2?
What were Nazi Germany's biggest weaknesses?
What would you have done to stop the World War I/II if you had been present/teleported/time travelled there with today's knowledge?
Were there alternatives to using atomic weapons against Japan?
Were the Third Reich soldiers using amphetamins during long WWII battles?
Logistical problems aside, how effective might the M6A2E1 heavy tank have been in 1945 if used against German armor and infantry?
How much was known about the oil reserves in the Middle East during WW2?
Why was China asked to occupy north of Vietnam after World War 2?
How did the German Nazis fund their enormous war effort?
Did Hitler actually attack Russia in winters? What was the outcome?
What if Germany had started WW2 later, i.e. in 1942, 1943 or 1944?
The INA trusted the Japanese and attacked the British in WW2. Was it the correct move?
Which Russian battle during WW1 had the use of trenches, tanks, cannons and gas attacks?
Do soldiers of the JSDF have the determination of the IJA of WWII?
If D-Day had failed with 100% of the Allied soldiers dead or captured & the same thing happened at Operation Torch, could Hitler have won the war?
Why didn't German tank design, following WW2, build on previous designs made in the war?
Is there in today’s warfare an encryption and decryption arms race going on like there was in WW2 with the Enigma and the Turing bombe?
How much of a setback to the Allied cause in North Africa, was the loss at Kasserine Pass during WWII?
How did WW2 end?
How did Hitler benefit from the great depression?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers during WW2?
When did the Allies find out Rommel was dead, and what was their reaction?
What are the medals and other gear on my father’s Army uniform from WWII?
Did USSR Stalin provide oil to Hitler's Nazi Germany for his Western campaign against France and the UK during WW2?
What was Stalin's plan if Moscow was captured during World War 2?
Why didn't the US enter WW2 after the Battle of Britain?
Was the murder of William "Lord Haw-Haw" Joyce an example of the freedom the Allied Forces were fighting for in WWII?
When did World War ll end, and why?
How was Hitler as a person?
Who has family members who fought in World War 2?
How many Jews went to America in the aftermath of World War II?
What were the strategies employed by the axis countries to recover from their degraded conditions after World War II?
How did WW2 change the world?
What would have happened if the Allies continued the blockade of Germany and didn't attack?
Your consciouness has been transfered into the body of Adolph Hitler and it is March 1, 1940. What do you do?
What are the similarities/differences between European fascism before WWII and Latin American right-wing dictatorships during the Cold War?
How have depictions of World War II changed over time in American pop culture?
What are some incidents where Allied soldiers or officers showed kindness or were good guys going up against Nazi German soldiers and the German people?
If Operation Mercury failed, then what would have General Kurt Student done? Would he have ultimately joined in the attempts on Hitler?
Wannsee is synonymous with what WW2 event?
Why did Spain keep itself out of World War 2?
What did Hitler say about how people would believe a big lie but not a small one?
How did nations around the globe change, post-WWII?
Could Australia have become a military power in the Pacific/SE Asia at the end of WWII?
What was transportation like during World War 2?
Has any soldier in WW2 fought both on the European and Asian front?
How would World War 2 have ended if Soviet Union was also an Axis Power?
Is it possible that the next world war won't end before the end of times?
What are the best WWII jokes?
Did any pilots selected to be Kamikazes chicken out by flying back?
Were there any German army groups which never surrendered?
What was life like in Naples, Italy, during World War Two?
Why is Vidkun Quisling so notorious compared to other Nazi collaborators?
To what degree is this statement accurate: The experience in WWII was similar to the experience in WWI?
Was it peaceful between WWI and WWII?
Do people in the Netherlands have resentment towards Americans after WW2?
What were the causes of WW2?
What are the long-term and short-term causes of WWII?
How did Germany manage to get out of their holocaust guilt and depression from WWII to maintain its great position it earned?
Why did Japan attack the U.S.A in WW1?
What do the Chinese think about WWII? Is it taught in schools?
Was German tank ace, Michael Wittman, killed by a Firefly or just an ordinary M4A3?
Why did Germany wait with full war production until 1943?
Where can I buy some original WW2 B-patrone rounds?
How many Americans were killed in Europe during WW2?
What would happen to the U.S. if the current nationalistic state lead to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
If Hitler had been killed in the trenches during WW1, would there still have been WW2?
What do the German school history books say about the Second World War?
You are assigned to kill Hitler in the most silly way possible. How would you do it?
Where would catches of hidden German WWII weapons be found today?
Could WW2 have been prevented if Gandhi was in charge of the Allied powers?
What does the expression "people did not know because they chose not to know" mean in relation to the Holocaust?
Why did the Soviets use tanks in Berlin?
What is the aesthetic, sociohistorical, and formal analysis of this art: "I Embody Revolt," Helio Oiticica, P15 Cape 11, 1967?
Were Bulgarians considered Aryans by Hitler?
Is the news about WW3 between North Korea and America true or is it just a hoax?
What are the secrets of Hitler's charisma?
What are some things that were made/started/trace their origin to Nazi Germany?
How do you conquer the fear of death on a battlefield?
Why do I sympathize with germans for loosing WWII?
Which country won the WWII?
What makes Japan (a little country in Asia) dominating in a period of time back in WWII?
If Hitler had not attacked Russia, would he have been able to stand his ground in the west?
Why did Hitler order the Jews killing? Why did he hate them?
Is the film Mediterraneo an accurate depiction of life in the Greek Isles under Italian occupation during World War II?
How would World War Two and the years following be different if the Axis Powers had united into one country?
What is the Churchill Club?
Why isn't there any Japanese perspective on the fall of Singapore?
How would Operation Barbarossa have turned out if no countries other than Nazi Germany and Russia had been involved?
Which was the most successful tank of the Second World War?
How have industries like Coca-Cola and Hollywood helped the USA become sympathetic towards the rest of the world?
What crimes are committed by Hitler's Waffen SS?
What German weapon or technology had the potential to win WWII but was never used?
Why would God let the Holocaust happen?
Did JFK actually meet Hitler before the war?
Why were there signatures on the Fat Man bomb?
Is a manned invasion deception campaign, like D-Day, possible in the modern era given mass communication and social media?
What are some examples of how censorship was used during World War 2?
Why is China considered amongst the victors of WWII, when they never fought any major campaign of WWII against the Axis powers?
Why were the Japanese so aggressively attacking their neighbors?
How many WWII Marines are still alive like me?
Why did Russia capture and imprison U.S. soldiers during WWII?
In what way was the Nazi Party incorporated into the German state following its transition into a single-party dictatorship?
Granted the Suez Canal cut weeks off a ship's trip from India to the UK, but why was this so vital in WWII? Why not just go around Africa?
Did the Allies fight the World War II with the intention of saving the Jews, or was it more of a power game?
Did any World War Two PoW camps have brothels for the soldiers to use?
Why did the Allies choose to base themselves specifically in Reims in Aug 1944?
How significant was Japan's wartime alliance with Germany?
How & why were the Allies able to turn the tide and achieve victory against the Axis powers (Japan, Italy, Germany) in World War II?
If the Germans had never blockaded Britain in WW1, would the US have still entered the war? Would there be a possibility of them joining the Germans?
What are the best books on the role of Commonwealth soldiers in the world wars?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
What would happen if the Japanese were able to hold Guadalcanal?
Why did the Nazis burn so many books and destroy so many art pieces? Were they attempting to destroy freedom of expression?
How did the United States justify withholding nuclear research from the United Kingdom after WWII, despite the contribution of British scientists?
What did German WW1 veterans think of WW2?
Did Winston Churchill know about the use of drugs in the German Army in WW2?
How long did it take for the Nazi to leave Poland?
What happened to Auschwitz inmates after being forcibly marched by the Germans to other camps in Germany?
If in The Final Countdown (1980) the USS Nimitz had engaged & destroyed the Japanese strike force before Pearl Harbor, what future would await them?
How many died during the Pearl Harbor attack?
How do you feel about the phrase "The world is my guru"?
Could a WW2 radar detect a B-2 from any distance?
Were Mormons (LDS) targeted in the Holocaust?
Why did world leaders, post-WWII, feel the need to pardon Nazi war criminals?
Did WW2 soldiers reuse WW1 trenches?
Would the Japanese government still want to conquer the world if they had an army capable of doing so?
What was the decision process ahead of dropping the atomic bomb on Japan?
Do you think that the US and Russia would have been as close as the US and Japan had the Allies succeeded in invading the USSR as planned, post-World War 2?
Would the U.S. be what it is today if it hadn't been for World War II? Why?
What alternative history can I write about that is not related with WWII, Cold War, American Civil War, Roman Empire, and the Black Death?
What if a WW2 tank was filled with helium?
Is it true that the Treaty of Versailles, had it treated the defeated nations differently, would have prevented World War 2?
When did World War II really start? I'm asking because WolframAlpha stated that it started on September 3, 1939.
What would the effects of German victory of WWI on the world today?
How does Julio Pino know so much about Adolf Hitler?
Could the allies have lost the war once D-Day had been successful?
Why are there a lot more films about WWII and the Vietnam War than the Korean War?
What will happen if you left the worm inside the tank in 2 weeks covered the tank with wooden lid with a hole?
Where on the Internet can you find three minutes of John Ford's D-Day documentary?
Is there a modern successor for the Grease Gun?
What happened to the Germans in the 1930s and 40s who did not support Hitler? Were they imprisoned?
What was Hitler's reaction to the Hindenburg disaster?
Did the Nazis have anything like napalm? Wouldn't that stuff have done wonders to rubble like Stalingrad eventually was?
To what extent was Hitler responsible for his own rise to power in January 1933?
Would a dispatch rider be attached to an artillery battery in WWII?
Will Germany ever ask for its lost territory in WW2?
What was the actual vision of Hitler, and did he succeed in achieving it?
How many Germans were actual members of the Nazi party in 1939?
What were the main factors that contributed to Hitler’s rise to power in January 1933?
To what extent does popular support for Nazism explain Hitler's rise to power?
Can anyone compare military strength of Britain before and after WW2?
Do you think famous world war video games are the reason for the huge interest of people in Hitler and WW2?
What was a standard German WW2 soldier equipped with?
During WWII, why did the Japanese choose to use only 2 fleet carriers and a light carrier for the capture of Port Moresby, instead of a bigger carrier force?
What was it like traveling between national borders during WW1, WW2? How were things restricted and monitored?
Why did the United States go to such great lengths to restore and reinvigorate the economies of Germany and Japan post-WWII?
What are some of the most fascinating, lesser known stories from WW2?
Would the Allied troops’ invasion of France have been possible, without first conquering North Africa?
Which percentage of German people still believed war could be won at the end of 1944?
How many blacks served in WWII?
Which country suffered the most human casualties during World War II?
Is there a single, documented case of a German U-boat’s actual sinking of a ship during World War II, or is that just one more of Trump's "alternative facts"?
WWI: Which POW camps in Italy were given orders to dispose of (kill or otherwise, not free) their prisoners towards the end of the war?
What is one great achievement soldiers of your country made during WW1 or WW2 that you wish other countries knew?
If Japan had managed to sink the entire US navy during WW2, would they even been able to invade US mainland?
What were the coolest battles of WWII (excluding major battles)?
What is your opinion on the British during the Second World War, and what they did do wrong?
Did the prisoners of Sachsenhausen labour camp get identification tattoos in WW2?
How did World War 2 pilots handle G forces?
How fast can Germany invade The Netherlands compared to WW2?
Did USAAF pilots in WW2 have call signs?
How could Hitler save Germany after 1943?
What was the music during WW2 like?
Why were World War 1 and 2 fought? Who won and who lost?
Why was the defeat of fascism in World War II enough to eradicate fascist ideology altogether (at least eradicate it as a legitimate regime option)?
What would have happened if Hitler joined the Allies and Churchill joined the Axis?
What was North Korea doing during WW2?
What is the importance/impact of George Patton's race to Messina to understanding the WW2?
How can I convince loony leftists that the US didn't merely usurp Nazi Germany's role in the world after defeating it?
How were the Malays from Malaysia treated by the Japanese soldiers during WWII?
In Hetalia: Axis Powers, what are the Axis’ and the Allies’ names?
Did the Japanese actually build a submarine aircraft carrier in WW2?
Why did youths support Hitler and the Nazi Party? What was it about Hitler that appealed to the young people of Germany? How did they benefit?
Why would the Nazis deny that the holocaust ever happened if they are proud of what they did?
Who killed more people, Nazis or communists?
How effective were WW2 rockets on planes?
In WW2, how did Italian tanks fare in battle?
America tried to be neutral in two world wars. Will it try to be neutral in a third world war?
Was Patton a good general?
What made the "Diary" of "Anne Frank" so credible at the time it was written?
Why do many Germans feel guilty for a war they were never part of?
What was each country's best tank model during WW2?
What could have the Germans produced that would have won them the war?
Did the Nazis view the Dutch as a Germanic/Aryan people racially similar to themselves?
During WWII, was there ever an account of an early German tank destroying a later Allied tank (say, a Panzer II)?
Is God trying to lessen the world's population during Summer?
If the Soviet Union had invaded Poland at the same time as Germany, would Britain ever have declared war?
During WWII, how did the IJN expect to defeat the USN when Japan had only 4 dry docks for building large capital ships?
What was the standard USSR soldier during WWII equipped with?
Which army won WW II?
What was the percentage of houses destroyed by Adolf Hitler’s Earth scourge mission during the Second World War?
What was the role of Winston Churchill in World War II?
What would have prevented Japan from going Axis in WW2?
What priviledges did the Russians have from the Chinese before WWII?
Why were there so many human rights violations during WW2?
Is it a reasonable assumption to believe that Adolf Hitler escaped to Argentina?
What percentage of Pu-239 went unexploded at Nagasaki?
What if Stalin was assassinated by the Nazis during the war with Germany?
During WW2, why did the Japanese commanders on Guadalcanal kept underestimating the number of American troops defending Henderson Field?
Where did people go to survive the attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki? What were survivors injuries like?
Is it true, that during the First Gulf War, the United States emptied stockpiles of bombs and munitions dating back to World War II?
How are military POWs treated and secured immediatley after capture?
What was the process of becoming an SS officer during the Second World War?
How could Japan (a small country in Asia) happen to be dominant during WWII, for a period of time?
If Nazi Germany were still around, how would things be?
Why is the European theater in American schools reduced to D-day and not the Eastern front which was decisive for the victory?
What would happen if the 6 day war was fought with WW2 weapons and equipment?
What should have happened to the Nazis after WWII?
Are there any pictures (when it happened) of a P-51 shooting down a Me 262?
What was the total world population before the Second World War? How many died in the Second World War?
Why do Indians support the Axis powers?
How is the Great Depression of 1929 considered one of the reason for World War II?
How did the Nazis feel about the NKVD atrocities?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the K98 or the M1 Garand?
What unarmed combat system was used during WW2?
What was America's role in the early stages in WWII?
Did Hitler like the British?
After the expulsion of Germans in the aftermath WW2, were any German subcultures/languages nearly or completely lost?
How are the Nazis related to the New Order?
Under the looming threat of German invasion was there ever any talk between former members of Austria-Hungary to reunite/ally before WW2?
Did fashionable trends come to a standstill during World War 2?
Would these countries have been good options to escape from Hitler during WW2: Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Britain, Sweden, Switzerland, Middle East?
It's 1940 in Germany, and you and an assassin are flung back in time. Would you save Hitler's life?
During WWII, did any Americans fight with the Soviets, in the Soviet Union, against the Germans?
Did Italy join the Nazis because they didn't get what they were promised in the Treaty of Versailles?
Do the leaders in the highest offices have any idea of the real suffering of people during war?
Why didn't Italy and Japan borrow technology from Germany during World War 2 to build better tanks?
What topics in WWII history are unfairly ignored or understudied?
What were the interpretations of Hinduism as per Heinrich Himmler? What was the rationale behind it?
What did the Berlin Airlift do?
What if Japan in WW2 attack Russia instead?
What happened to Hitler after WW2?
What are the odds for the US to fully conquer Russia, based on the failures of Napoleon Bonaparte's Army and the Germany Army in World War II?
Major General Smedley Butler wrote “war is a racket” and I have to agree it is. Why, then, does the general public believe it is necessary to have wars?
Who were the bad guys in WWII, the Allies or the Axis forces?
Given the mountainous territory of Switzerland, would a Nazi invasion have failed?
How many German soldiers were executed for rape during WWII? How many American? How many Soviets?
Is it true that the Brits (urged on by the Jews) and Russia were the ones who instigated World War II?
What movies are out there about the North African Campaign in WWII?
How would the Second World War pan out sans Hitler and the Nazi movement?
Should the US have dropped the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why is so little discussed about the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1920 and the Soviet plans to invade Western Europe?
How did Italians treat Jews at World War II?
Was a second (third?) front at Normandy necessary for Allied victory in WWII?
Did Hitler ever give any thought to choosing a successor?
How were German soldiers treated by the local population when they occupied Italy 1943-45?
Was Adolph Hitler a bear or a twink?
What were ration books during World War II?
What happened to Hitler's uniforms? Where are they?
What was General Von Manstein's attitude towards the Holocaust?
Why was Leningrad under siege for so long?
Where is Goebbels’ diary and other top Nazis’ writings?
Was Italy better in WW1 or WW2?
How many people were actually hanged as a result of the Nuremberg trials? Were any women hanged or put on trial at Nuremberg?
What was the warning given by Churchill before World War II broke out?
Which countries were responsible for World War 2?
What types of planes were developed during World War 2?
Could the post-depression USA have been invaded and defeated if Germany, the British Empire, France, the Soviets and Japan helped each other?
Did the Germans know about the English Channel fuel line and Operation Pluto during WW2 and did they try to stop it?
What changes were made in the UK after the second world war?
Why didn't allies attack the Swiss if they were supplying Germany?
What if Britain remained neutral during WW2?
Is the plot of The Man in the High Castle a possible scenario, if WWII had ended with the Axis powers winning?
Were the Japanese the most vicious enemy the American Military have faced?
Would the British Centurion tank have matched the Tiger II if it had entered service earlier?
What happened to the conditions of the Treaty of Versailles after the end of World War 2?
What would Britain be like if they hadn't gotten involved in either world war?
Is the EU the Fourth German Reich?
Was Germany better off without Italy in World War II?
How would WW2 have gone if the Nazis were actually Americans?
Were there any flying tanker planes which refueled fighters during WWII?
Is it true that the author of Attack on Titan is a Nazi sympathizer and pro-Japanese-imperialism?
When was the last time that a general was in the front lines of his troops during a battle (other than by being caught in a surprise attack)?
How did the German people feel about the persecution of the "undesirables" prior to World War 2?
Where can I find a WW2 French biker duster coat in London?
What was life like on Santorini during World War Two?
Why did the US not have a separate branch for their air force during World War Two?
Did the earth cool down after the Second World War?
Did some soldiers in WWII become deaf after battles?
Why did Britain release German pilots captured by France in WW2?
Why did Churchill put so much importance to Vienna during WWII?
Who were the top 10 Soviet generals of WW2?
What was the difference between a German infantry division vs a panzer division during world war 2?
What would have happened if America had declared war on the triple alliance Powers in 1914, at the start of the war?
Is everyone who likes Hitler a Nazi?
In WWII, what version of the P-51 Mustang fighter, did the "Tuskegee Airmen", fly?
Did Luxembourg have any involvement in WWII?
Why does Britain insist on calling the World War II Admiral Graf Spee heavy cruiser a "pocket battleship"?
If France and Poland invaded Germany today, what would be the German reaction? How would the rest of the world respond?
Was the London Bridge bombed during WW2?
When the US cancelled the debt of Europe and Britain after WW2, how did the creditors get compensated?
Did the Holocaust of Jews have any major impact on the world in terms of development?
How suicidal was it to be an American spy in Tokyo during World War II?
What if England did not declare war on Germany?
In Nazi Germany what were some examples of women's jobs?
Why did the US choose to fight in Korea, when we didn’t in Germany?
Did Britain and France become a single country in 1940?
What did Mexico do during World War II?
With so many German men killed in WW1 and WW2, how well did the population bounce back after 1950?
What was the worst thing about world war 2?
With all the deaths in WWII, has the world population recovered?
During WW2, which American general was the most respected by the German Army generals?
What was Germany after WWII?
During the World Wars (or other wars) did people from Ukraine, Caucuses and Central Asia etc fight for the Russian Empire/Soviet Union?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
Were the lawyers who helped write the Nuremberg Laws punished after WWII?
Why did it take so long for the German Army to stop fighting after it was clear they had lost the war in WWII?
Who would win in a war between end-of-WWII USA and USSR vs the rest of the end-of-WWII world?
Why did the Western powers invade the nascent USSR after the revolution?
Did Australia play a more important role in WWI or WWII?
If Nazi Germany had crushed all of Europe except England, would it have attempted to invade the USA to try to knock us out?
Why were the potato masher grenades used by German soldiers in WWII never produced again?
What does Germany and Japan teach about the atrocities in WW2 in school?
Why were the Japanese and Germans allied in WWII?
Which is worse, Nazis or Daesh?
How did the Nazis play a role in the 1948 war with the Israelis?
Who declared war on Germany?
Why did Germany choose Italy as an ally instead of Russia during WW2?
Did Mk IV British cruiser tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
How good was the Japanese military in WW2?
What is the current day equivalent of the famous WWII era "Liberator" pistol?
If you were a Nazi soldier in Hitler's Germany, how would you justify your actions?
Since France has surrendered, once again, how long do they have until chaos occurs in France, since they are owned by Germany?
When did the Soviet Air Force start to use drop tanks in World War 2?
How did the Germans remove Nazism and Hitler from German history?
Could today's Italy defeat WW2 Germany?
Where was the farthest the Germans advanced in WW2 in the conquest of Russia?
What kind of guns were used during WWII?
If the Allies did not exactly defeat the Nazis, how would history paint the British Empire?
Could Sixth Army have broken out of Stalingrad if it had ignored Hitler and tried just after the Russians had closed the ring?
If the US never joined WWII, would the USSR been the only superpower? How would the world look?
What if the Soviets had kept on fighting after VE Day?
Where can I get a list of Buffalo soldiers in Tuscany during WW2?
Why would Iraq become part of the German empire, alongside the Nordic countries and Austria, if the Nazis won during WW2?
Are there Neo-Nazis who do not deny the Holocaust?
Who was the Red Army in WWII?
What was the best frontline bomber during WWII?
If on May 10th 1940, by "magic", German troops were suddenly equipped with Allied tanks and Allied troops with German tanks, who would win?
Did the British soldiers fight heavily in WWII?
Can a modern US carrier be sunk with WWII era torpedoes, assuming they find their mark?
What are some quotes about the Nazi holocaust in Germany?
What role did the US submarine fleet serve in the Atlantic during WWII?
Why did the Wehrmacht seem to have a larger variety of armored vehicles compared to the Western Allies and the Soviet Army?
How did the German aristocracy react to the rise of the Nazi Party?
After WW2, the allies made German civilians walk past photos of the horrors in the camps. They walked past laughing. Why did they think it was funny?
How did the British treat German POW during WW2?
How were the surviving German forces in the Second World War told that the war was over and they needed to surrender?
Could the British have singlehandledly defeated the Germans in 1939?
How did the Japanese treat prisoners of war in WWII?
What are the reasons for the bad British military performance during the first part of WWII?
Did people feel a similar amount of fear towards populism in Europe before WWII, as we do now?
Does Abe really want to resurrect Japanese nationalism like pre-World War times, or is this just an exaggeration?
How was debt the reason for World War 2?
Where can I get more information about the Battle of Dunkirk that took place during WW2?
How do you feel about the Trump administration bringing up stuff about Nazi Germany?
What was the main role of the Italian leader during WW2?
Were the Germans really bad in WWII?
Did Portuguese soldiers ever meet Japanese soldiers during WWII?
Was World War II the most destructive war in history?
If Hitler didn't want to exterminate any race, would you have supported him?
Japan killed and slaughtered a lot of Chinese in WW2. What if the opposite happened in WW2?
What if Spain joined the axis in WW2?
How was Hitler stopped?
How and why could the Nazis strike a deal (economic) with UK in 1933 during Ramsey MacDonald's reign?
Could Germany have defeated Russia in WW2 if Stalin had been assassinated by a Russian?
How would WWIII look if North Korea managed to create their own empire, like the Japanese did in WWII?
Who were the German scientists involved in 'the race to build the atomic bomb'?
Could the Germans have launched a major offensive on USSR through Finland's territory in WW2?
How would the world be different if Nicholas II had never been the Czar of Russia?
Was the Rogue One battle on Scarif inspired by the Pacific theater of war in WWII?
How did they launch gliders in WW2?
Why was George Washington better than Hitler? He allowed slavery.
Is Germany working quietly on a world domination tactic through economical means?
Why did German tanks go from gray to tan colored in WW2?
How does the way countries view World War 2 differ from country to country?
Were V2 weapons used in WWII, or were they only in the development stage?
Why did the US drop the 2nd atomic bomb on Nagasaki instead of places like Sapporo, Akita, Niigata, or Kagoshima?
What was the best side arm (hand gun) used in World War II?
How were the German POWS treated by the Americans?
Was the B-17 Flying Fortress a powerful weapon in WWII?
Which human being in the world's entire history has saved the most people (e.g., Oskar Schindler, who saved 1200 Jews during WW2 by purchasing them)?
What does the recoil look like on World War II planes when they fire machine cannons?
What was the only good weapon the Japanese had in World War II?
How many wars had France lost?
Which country had the most impact in defeating the Germans in WWII?
Were any of the 442nd soldiers captured by the Germans? If so, how were they treated?
Were the companies involved in the holocaust punished for that?
What would have happened if, after WW2, USA had turned communist and the USSR had turned capitalist?
How did the history of middle ages Swiss mercenaries help Switzerland become rich and neutral in the wars that followed?
Did Albert Einstein have any influence on the development of the atomic bombs used on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why did Hitler terrorize the Jews? Was it religion or politics?
What was particularly impressive about Easy Company's assault on Brecourt Battery during WWII?
Could a company of the 506th Airborne survive the battle of Little Bighorn if they traveled back to 1876 with their WW2-era weapons and equipment?
Did Germany deserve their attack by the allies in 1945?
What would happen if Hitler return?
Are the "Potocki letters" (Polish ambassador Jerzey Potocki) genuine, e.g. the one of Jan. 16, 1939?
Why did the German army give up in WW1 even though they didn't get invaded?
Did the Hitler Youth continue with guerrilla warfare in the years after the official surrender of Nazi Germany?
Were the British plans for the defence of Singapore truly misguided?
What would have happened if Germany hadn't turned on Russia after taking Poland?
In what document/source does the US call Germany the "great(er) evil"?
How was life in Czechoslovakia during the German occupation?
Did Hitler actually do anything good?
Does Banzai have standard procedures or is it just a final charge?
Why do people still believe the Nazi myths that say the Soviet WW2 army was weak & incompetent?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
Were there any "good Japanese" like there were good Germans?
How hard was it to take down a bomber during WWII?
German World War 2 aircraft never seemed to have powered turrets. Why?
What were Hitler’s approval ratings during WWII?
What did Hitler plan to do about neutral countries?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
Was there ever a greater genocide of human life than the WWII holocaust?
Did your father fight the British for Germany during WWII?
What was the last city of the RSFSR liberated from Nazi Germany?
Which side committed more atrocities during WW2: the Allied Powers or the Axis Forces?
Could we avoid a nuclear World War by giving a key to each member of the UN, and requiring a majority vote in order to use them?
Where or who can help me find information about Karel Curda, traitorous member of the Czechoslovakia's resistance in WWII?
How was Germany after World War 2?
What would the Russians have done to Hitler if they caught him?
What did JFK think of Hitler?
Could the league of nations done things differently to stop Germany from starting WW2?
Is it possible that a soldier threatened a pilot with a pistol to fly back into Stalingrad to get his friends out as well?
What camo patterns did Grossdeutschland paint on the helmets in the Eastern Front?
What was the real cause of Alan Turing downfall?
Why didn't the Soviet IS-7 tank enter production and service with the Red Army?
How many drums of ammunition would a WW2 Soviet soldier carry for his PPSH? How were these carried?
Is there anyway to tell what year a WW2 cleaning rod was made?
Why, after defeating Germany, did America and Soviet Union compete to go to the Moon?
Why wasn't Japan declared an American territory after WW2?
Why did the inventors of the atomic bomb called the bombs Little and Fat Man? In what way was the nicknames for the atomic bomb different from what those names described?
During the first stages of the Battle of Midway, why did the Japanese not choose to use B5Ns or D3As for reconnaissance?
Did Hitler have an unrealistic idea of the amount of resources, troops and money he had? Why?
What was Stalin's reaction to attacking on Pearl Harbor?
What were the intelligence wars between Germany versus the Soviet Union in WWII?
How would the Soviet Union react if Japan defeated China during World War 2?
What are some veterans words that best grasp the horror of war?
What was the battle of Kursk?
Why were the Germans unable to defeat the Soviet Union?
Was the Tunisian Jewish community persecuted during WWII?
Had the Germans attacked the French Maginot Line in WW2, could they have won?
Why didn’t the Germans use their most advanced secret weapons during World War II?
What was the main reason Hitler killed himself?
If 56 year old Hitler was the leader during WW1, and Wilhelm Kaiser II was the leader during WW2, what would be the outcomes for both World Wars?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early 40s were terrifying. Why did it not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Where could I find statistics on German and Soviet tank production during World War II (specifically on the Eastern Front)?
Why did England invade France during the 100 Years War?
Is there any truth in rumours that the Messerschmidt ME109 couldn’t turn hard left and could have easily been taken by the P51 during WWII?
How would the USA of today invade the German-occupied Europe of 1944?
Which single naval vessel (including aircraft carriers) of the Second World War sank the highest number of other ships (both merchant and military ones)?
What was it like for Indian soldiers fighting in WW2? Was India at threat of being taken over by the Japanese?
Was Hitler trying to restore the German Empire?
Would we have nuclear energy if the Second World War never occurred?
How common was the G43 rifle in the German army? What were the odds for the average soldier to be assigned one?
What forces did Hitler still have at his disposal immediately before his death?
Could WWII have been prevented if somebody assassinated Churchill?
What are the best WW2 movies?
How was Mexico affected during World War II?
Why were certain countries involved in World War Two?
What would the Japanese and Chinese ancestors of their World War 2-era descendants think of the second Sino-Japanese War?
What is causing the mass starvation and migrations from Africa to a degree greater than ever before in history since the end of World War II?
Why did the Japanese often experience such high casualty rates during World War II?
How different would the Middle East have been, had Germany won WW2?
Did the US become more militaristic after World War Two?
Are the main weapons systems (tanks, aircraft carriers, fighter jets) leftovers of WW2, ready to be swept away by the next conflict?
How many people died in Dresden during WW2?
When did Hitler become the leader of Germany?
Why did the Allies not copy down the blueprints for the U-boats?
Why didn't the German army after World War II name another tank Tiger?
What was it like in the French West Indies from 1940 to 1945 (the point that the French surrendered to the Germans until the end of WWII)?
If Hitler would have won WW2, we would have learned Nazi ideology in school. How do I know I'm not being brainwashed by Western ideology?
What was life like in Romania during World War Two?
Were Hitler’s armies capable of launching attacks on Britain from Ireland?
What would have happened if Hitler had mixed Operation Barbarossa with Operation Blau in 1941?
What did the Axis powers think of New Zealand troops during WW2?
When did Dr. Bunsaku Arakatsu become president of Konan University in Kobe, Japan?
How did Poland get liberated from the Nazis?
To what extent did Sean Spicer's Hitler comment (Assad’s use of poison gas worse than Hitler) harm his job?
What would have been the outcome had Hitler captured Moscow?
Who do you think the best general, admiral, and air marshal of WWI and WWII were, and why?
What kind of small arms would a member of the British navy have had during World War 2?
What was a staff sergeant in WW2 and how did their responsibilities differ from other kinds of sergeants?
How did the Allies and the Axis coordinate such a huge war effort?
Did the Japanese High Command try to place the Emperor in House Arrest to prevent Japan from surrendering right before the end of World War II?
What order were World War 2 planes classified in according to the pilots?
What if we dropped a huge atomic bomb, with a blast radius the size of all atom bombs before the fall of the USSR on Japan?
Does the Japanese government include Hitler’s “Mein Kampf" in the Japanese schoolbooks for Japanese children to copy Hitler, the idol of Japan?
Why was the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp created?
During WW2, which Soviet general was the most respected by the German Army generals?
What were the main reason why Germany entered World War 2?
Was Hitler's mind weakened in the end due to his heavy drug injection?
If WW2 and the Nazis had never happened, how technologically-advanced would we be now?
What if Soviet Union attacked Germany first in WW2?
How much resistance could the Japanese have realistically put up to an American invasion of the home islands?
What if Italy's military had been on a par with the other world powers during WWII?
How likely was it for civilians to be hit by AA Flak during WWII?
If you landed on D-Day as a rifleman what was your chance of surviving until VE-day?
Why weren't the USAAF B29 Superfortresses or B17s camouflaged during WW2, like their British counterparts?
Which of the two World Wars do you like to learn about the most?
What problems did Hitler face while ruling over Nazi Germany as its dictator?
How did the US’s neutrality change as WWII events unfolded?
What would happen if tanks extended world war 1, instead of ending it?
Are there any sex slavery groups, like the Jugun Ianfu for Japanese soldiers, in Germany occupation, especially for German soldiers?
What did the Germans think of the P-51?
Did the Polish mind their country being shifted westwards after WWII?
Theoretically, if the Axis Powers won WW2, how would technology have progressed in their timeline compared to ours?
Why was the west so kind to Germany after the end of World War Two?
Who treated their captives the worst in WWII, Germany or Japan?
Who would have won Operation Sea Lion?
What if Spain, Portugal and Turkey all joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1300-HP Kinsei 54 double row radial engine?
What happened to Poland during WW2?
Why are so many Red Army memorials kept in such good condition in Germany while many German WWII memorials look very old and decayed?
What were Hitler's political beliefs?
What if India split from Britain before WWII?
How would a regular German soldier in Stalingrad have reacted to Hitler's speech in Stalingrad on 8th November, 1942?
If Hitler hadn't done the Holocaust, would leftists still have ganged up on him and driven him to suicide?
What are some fashion facts about World War 2?
Is it possible to see when a text I sent was read?
What are some books on war strategies and World War II?
What are some mind blowing strategies used in world war 2?
What's the difference between Mussolini and Hitler?
What was it like to be a Japanese American during WWII?
In your opinion, who would you say was the better battlefield tactician, Col. Hal Moore or Major Richard "Dick" Winters?
How did WW2 affect America's Great Depression?
If France was among the losers of the WW2, then why was SC permanent membership granted?
Was the Polish-Soviet war one of the main reasons why the Soviets invaded Poland in 1939?
When did German commanders realise that Normandy was the main invasion site and there would not be a second invasion at Pas de Calais?
After WWII ended, what was the percentage of the US population that were combat veterans?
Did the majority of British conscripts in WW2 not see front line action?
How would you rank the three Axis leaders (Hitler, Mussolini, and *Tojo/Hirohito) from worst to best?
Did Hitler think that what he was doing was actually right or did he knowingly do evil?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
How were the Nigerians affected by both World Wars?
Who were the important people in the Second World War, aside from Adolf Hitler?
Can you show me a timeline of World War II?
Why were the British caught so unprepared for war at the onset of WW2?
Why didn't Stalin join the Axis alliance during WW2? Was it because of Japan’s opposition?
How did communism influence alliances in World War Two?
If the Me 109 had drop tanks in the BoB, could it have changed the outcome?
If the US had not defeated the Nazis, would the Soviets have?
Did the last Amish families disappear from Germany during World War Two?
Did Sean Spicer indicate that he was unaware that Jews were gassed by Hitler?
If Hitler hadn’t declared war on the U.S. after Pearl Harbor, would FDR have been able to convince Congress to declare war on Germany and Italy?
Did Switzerland declare war on Germany right at the end of WWII? I was told they did, but I can find no evidence.
During the ceremonies in Japan devoted to the memory of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, why is the USA never mentioned as being guilty of the tragedy?
Should Germany even still exist as a nation, after having done something as bad as the Holocaust?
Were gay men who had survived Hitler's concentration camps put back into prison by West Germany?
When did Himmler realize that World War 2 was over?
Did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did Lebanon declare war on Nazi Germany?
What if Germany had retreated to the Alpine Redoubt in the final days of WW2?
Did the Soviet soldiers get R & R or leave during WW2?
What were people seeking in the mass migrations to suburbs in the post-World War II era?
Who are the deniers that say the Holocaust never happened?
Why didn't the Japanese invade Russia in WW2?
Why did Hitler choose the swastika as the Nazi sign?
What were all the islands Japan invaded in WW2 or at least a majority of them?
How did the US find allies during WWII?
What happened to U.S. and German diplomats after war was declared in 1941?
What was the first image of the Holocaust?
What was like to live in rural areas in the United States during the 1940s?
Why did Japan not make war on the USSR at World War II?
In World War II were soldiers grouped based on skill? Would they group a bunch of unskilled soldiers to be used for cannon fodder?
What was Hitler's opinion of Romania?
Would German cities like Hamburg, Berlin and Cologne be more attractive for tourists, if they would not have taken the damage of the second world war?
Did all Nazis hate Jews? Was there a law saying that you had to treat the Jews badly, or did all Nazis hate Jews?
Using modern medical technologies, would it be possible to save the World War II general Nikolai Vatutin from death?
Why was Hitler against communists?
Do Americans regret the nuclear attack on Japan? If not, how would you feel personally if you had been attacked by it?
Is there proof of Allies’ speculation to join the Nazis after they defeated the Russians at Kursk?
If Germany’s losses after WW1 and WW2 were applied to the US, what would the maps look like?
How were trenches used differently in World War 2 compared to World War 1?
Would nuclear weapons still be invented and used in World War II if Albert Einstein never existed?
What was the most effective camouflage pattern in WWII?
What would Germany's economy look like if it had won WWII?
How many German males died during World War II?
Was there a plan for a second Russian/Soviet homeland in case the Germans won and enacted Generalplan Ost?
Was it right to put Japanese-Americans in camps during WWII? Was there a real danger coming from their community?
Why doesn’t the Chinese secret government agency send their agents to Japan to kidnap and arrest WW2 war criminals just like the Israeli Mossad did?
How long was a medical degree in the UK during WWII?
Why didn't the Germans just kill all Jews and others who arrived at a concentration camp right away so that there could be no camp survivors?
What are some facts about France during World War 2?
Is admiring Hitler wrong?
During and immediately after World War II, what was the public's view on Hitler? Was it anything like it is now?
Why did the Dutch Navy fight with the Allies (e.g., in Indonesia) but the French refuse?
Can you give me a quick conclusion of WW2?
Why is Winston Churchill revered for his prescience regarding Hitler but derided by intellectuals for his revulsion of Islam - both are totalitarian?
How did Germany revive from WW2 faster and continue to perform better than other European countries?
What would have happened if the French fleet which was docked in Toulon, had fallen into German hands in 1942?
What had India gained after the end of World War II?
Why were the Nazis so obsessed with Norse mythology?
What if Italy remained neutral in WW2?
Did Germany make it harder for malicious dictators to take over the country after WW2?
Can India ask England to pay for the losses it faced due to the 'Raj' like Germany was made to pay after World War I and II?
How was life in Austria for an average citizen during the German annexation (the Anschluss)?
If the Allies on D-Day wore body armour, built to modern-day standards but using the available technology, how much would it have weighed?
Is there a detailed list of Chinese national treasures looted by Japan during World War II? Will they be returned?
With it's imperialistic mindset, was England able to obtain and keep any new territories for the British Empire after WW2?
What would have happened if Italy had attacked Switzerland in 1942?
What would have happened if Japan had declared war on Great Britain and sent its Navy to Europe and Africa during World War II in 1939?
During WWII, did the USA have sufficient forces to make a landing at Okinawa instead of Peleliu and Morotai (and later Leyte) in September 1944? What would probably have been the outcome of that action?
Were there people in occupied France during World War II that would never have come into contact with the Third Reich?
If any country tests a nuclear bomb, the whole world is against it. But why wasn't the world against the USA when they bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How many countries went independent after the 2nd World War?
Does war promote or hinder the development of the world?
How did the Norwegian royal family escape from German occupation during World War 2?
How would a modern day Nazi soldier look like?
What was the relationship between the two world wars?
What are the best books for studying the history of World War I & World War II comprehensively?
Is the world on the verge of the second Cold War?
If Panther Tanks could be used after WW2, how would they upgrade?
What was Japan’s perspective during WWII?
What would WW2 look like, with the same circumstances, but with today's technology?
How could it have been possible for the SS to have used Zyklon-B to gas the Jews in WW-II?
Were there any unsuccessful technological developments in Nazi Germany which could've helped them win the war?
How did WWI and WWII start?
You have to cross a WW2 field with enemy troops in trenches. You have one overwatch character to protect you. Who will it be?
What did German civilians do to the Holocaust survivors in WW2, when they met them face to face? And what emotions did they have towards them?
Is there undeniable evidence that Hitler was responsible for death of 6 million Jews?
What happened to the Rothschild family during WW2?
Did Spain and Portugal participate in WW II?
Does China still have concentration camps for thought crimes?
What are the modern implications in today’s society of the dropping of the atomic bomb WWII?
What were some post-World War II changes in the United States?
Did the allies have any high ranking Nazi informants?
Why do many people fail to see that Iraqi people as a nation didn't cooperate with the Americans during the invasion as the Japanese did after WWII?
How was Hitler childhood like?
If the US had invaded Japan in WWII, would it be seen as the defining US contribution to the war instead of D-day? If so, how would it be remembered?
What was in Admiral William Halsey's mind when he recommended Admiral Raymond Spruance to lead Task Force 16 at the Battle of Midway?
How were Liberty ships built?
Is it true that, for the most part, American World War Two combat soldiers were sent home right after the war and were not part of the occupation?
What is the most recently declassified information about World War II?
If the Allies didn't pitch in, would Stalingrad have been taken over?
Why did the Italian Air Force, after showing what it was capable of in the Spanish Civil War, either collapse or become irrelevant in World War II?
What would happen if the US had a modern defense system against the Pearl Harbor plane attacks?
Is there any WW2 German anti armor weapons that could face an M1 Abrams?
How did life in Japanese-occupied countries compare to life in Nazi-occupied countries?
Were flamethrowers used on the Western front in WWII?
What would have happened if Poland had joined Axis or Comintern (Soviet side) in WW2?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
What characteristics define rationing WW2?
Why did Nazi Germany start the North African Campaign?
If the Nazis and Japan had won WWII, would they have succeeded, or would they have even tried, to invade the US?
What inspired you to pursue World War 2/History?
How many Holocaust survivors came to the USA?
Could Italy have started World War II instead of Germany?
Did British casualties in WW2 start reaching WW1 levels following the D-Day invasions of June 1944?
Why didn't the Japanese destroy the Panama Canal after Pearl Harbor to delay reinforcements from the Atlantic?
Why were children evacuated during World War 2?
Did any Mexican combat units see action in WWII?
Are Muslims today the new Jews of pre-World War Two?
What would have happened if Hitler had not died?
What are Japanese children taught about Pearl Harbor?
Where does Marine Le Pen really stand with regards to French participation in sending Jews to the concentration camps?
What would Europe be like today if WWI and WWII never happened?
If we have a Holocaust Remembrance Day, etc., why isn't there any observance to mark the victims of Soviet Communism, namely victims of Lenin, Stalin?
The T34 is regarded as the greatest tank design of WW2, but does its bad equipment ruin the vehicle regardless of its excellent design?
Were Austrians proud when Hitler became chancellor of Germany?
What happens when a Soldier in the Military falls asleep on duty in a war zone?
What would happen if the Soviets lost at Stalingrad, Moscow and Leningrad?
Why were NAZI coins not called in and melted down during the Allied "Denazification" initiative?
What happened to Nazi SS officers after the world learned about the Holocaust?
If you were Adolf Hitler's wife, what would you say to him before he would make war?
Did the US really want to get into World War 2?
Did Hitler want Britain to be his ally but Churchill ruined the chance?
How was Rommel an excellent general and person?
What was life like in Sicily during World War II, before the Allied invasion in 1943?
During WWII, were there any known soldiers/units who participated in both theaters (European and Pacific)?
If you replaced Adolf Hitler and rose to power of supreme leadership of Germany, how would you fight WW2 and win?
Why did a lot of Nazis hide out in South American countries after WWII?
Can you compress all of World War II into a single year?
What would the world be like if your kids knew how they were made?
If Hitler had won WWII, would he have punished Spain for not fighting?
What percentage of Nazi Germany's War Machine was funded by stolen Jewish goods?
What group of soldiers in what circumstance experienced the most horrific suffering in WW2?
What if Japan defeated the US in WW2?
What were the Japanese plans for India if they won in WW2?
Could Germany have won the war in the eastern front had the US not provided aid (Lend Lease) to the Soviets?
What was Japan's motive for attacking the USA on Dec 7, 1941 (Pearl Harbor)?
Did Hitler just had a soft spot for Great Britain that's why he didn't invade it?
Why do most people ignore that during WW2, more Jews were saved in France than in any other Nazi-occupied country?
What would happen if Nazi Germany had Iron Doom, SAM, and THAAD at once to prevent the Allies’ air raids in WW2?
How did diplomats travel during the Second World War?
How close did the Japanese come to invading Australia?
How many German settlers in Texas were kidnapped by Comanches?
Did World War II give the British Empire a "noble" end?
Which are the best documentaries to watch on World War I and II?
Why does the West always deny that the Soviets made the biggest effort to win World War 2?
What would have happened to Western Germany if the threat of the Soviet Union and Communism wasn't so strong after WWII?
Was D-Day the day most Americans died?
What would have happened if Britain and France didn't appease Hitler and increased their armed forces to rival Germany? Would it have prevented WWII?
What were some of the racial/social reasons that caused the Japanese and Japanese Americans to be sent to internment camps?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1560-HP Kinsei 62 double row radial engine?
What if the Teutonic Ordenstaat survived to the modern day?
If you shouted 'Heil Hitler' in a crowded area, what would happen?
Could the Japanese Americans in WW2 get out of the internment camps?
How many times did the Allies break the WW1 Central and WW2 Axis powers’ codes?
Why was Soviet Union accepted by the Allies when they had a pact with Germany during the early stages of WWII?
In WWII, before the "Battle of The Bulge", was there an American officer, who tried to alert their superiors to what the Germans were up to?
Which were worst, the Soviet Gulag or Nazi extermination camps? From what I heard, Nazis were worse, because victims were killed almost instantly.
Which modern gun can outmatch the WW2 800mm Schwerer Gustav?
Why didn't the US drop atomic bombs on Manchuria as a warning to the Japanese, the Soviets, and Chinese Maoists during WWII?
Why didn't the Allies attack Russia, after conquering Germany in 1945?
Why did so many empires fall shortly after WW2?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
Did Ultra help to save lives during the Blitz?
Would you rather make Tadashi not die in Big Hero 6, or make World War 2 never happen?
What did US politicians hate more before World War 2, communism or fascism?
What would have become of Spain if the Axis had won WWII?
Are some WWII firearms still effective today?
Could America's entire modern police force defeat any military during WW1 or WW2?
Who was better at bombing the other in WW2, Britain or Germany?
What role has the United States played in East Asia's regional security since the end of World War II?
What was Germany's growth rate during Hitler's reign after World War 2?
Was the Blitzkrieg really that effective? Wouldn't the Allies have found other ways to overcome it?
Did the 201st fighter squadron do well in WWII?
Why did the USSR in World War 2 have women fight in the war?
What species of animals were used during World War II (except for dogs and pigeons, obviously)?
How​ would brand-new WW2 Carrier-Aircraft handle conventional and catapult launchers on today’s carriers?
What if Hitler invaded the UK and succeeded?
Did Hitler really find The Great Dictator movie funny?
Does Russian history acknowledge collusion between Nazi Germany and the USSR before 1941 or is it an inconvenient truth?
What was the last thing Hitler ate?
What did the Nazis think of Germans who were white, not slavic but had brown hair?
If you had to choose between being a random German soldier in operation Barbarossa, which army group would you choose? North, Centre or South?
What were Hitler's plans after victory for Slovakia and Croatia, because they were Nazi Germany allies but also they were Slavic states?
Did the U.K. or the USA give Germany false information so that Hitler would attack Russia?
Why did the US government provide personal security to Einstein?
What are some negative attitudes towards the German WW2 reenactment community?
Why did the Soviet Union withdraw from Manchuria despite defeating Japan in WWII?
Why does everybody talk about going back in time to kill Hitler? If we were going back in time to kill Charles Darwin, we would have no evolutionism, no Hitler, and no atom bomb.
How many men could the US have conscripted in WWI and WWII?
Could it be said that the USSR supported Nazi Germany at the beginning of WW2 (for its own purpose)?
How influencal was Dr. Todt to Hitler concerning technological matters?
What would have been the effect of first strafing runs on enemy ships and then bombing runs during WW2 naval battles?
What was the major cause of India's independence, World War II or Gandhiji's efforts?
What were the axis and allies in World War 2?
What was the main cause and reason of the First and Second World Wars, and who was responsible for these?
What would happen if Germany, after defeat in WW1, collapsed and then erupted in civil war like in Syria today?
If Germany won WWII and got into a Cold War with the USA, could something like the Sino-Soviet split happen between Italy and Germany?
What do contemporary Japanese students learn about the cause of WW2?
What do you like in Hitler’s personality, and do you think he did something right?
If Hitler had been successful in Case Blue, would he have won the war?
At what point during World War 2 did the Nazis occupy the most territory?
Is there a problem with Nazi glorification in the modern German army?
How could the Nazis kill so many Jews?
Let's rearrange WW2 with Germany, Italy and China vs the USSR, the US, the UK and Japan. What happens?
If Hitler saw Russia today, what would he think?
How many Jews would have died if the neighbour countries would have taken them all in, instead of sending them back?
Is it possible that Nazi Germany made UFOs and traveled to the moon?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
What was the role of Spain in World War II?
Are there any firsthand accounts of World War 2 soldiers’ encounter with the Panzer VIII Maus and what they said?
Why did Hitler declare war on USA, when Japan started war with USA?
Why did US WW2 Paratroopers not do up their helmets?
Why is the man wearing two watches in the raising of the red banner?
During the Second World War, why was mass hand-to-hand combat rare in the European theatre but common in the Asian theatre?
In the James Bond universe, did SPECTRE cause events like WWII to happen through manipulation or even famine?
What were the aggressive steps Hitler took between 1938 - 1941?
Had the world community let Japan keep its SE Asian conquests plus the island nations, would it still have started a war with the USA back in 1941?
What was included in a K ration during WW2?
How did women’s roles change during WWII?
How well did the US military perform in World War II?
Should I be still protesting about not going to Germany due to the Nazis?
What happens if we drop an atomic bomb into a volcano?
How would WWII been different if Britain and France never opposed Germany's invasion of Poland and Germany did not ally with Italy?
Apart from World War I & II, which war has influenced international politics the most?
How were Filipino soldiers and civilians treated by the Allies in World War II? How about the Japanese?
What was life in London like during the German occupation in WW2?
What made Ravensbrück different from other Nazi concentration camps?
Why are there a lot more memorials for WWI rather than WWII in Southern France?
Why did Hitler never conquer Caucasus first to secure the oil fields and then take Stalingrad as a second priority?
Why didn't the Rothschilds and Warburgs save the Jews of Germany during the Holocaust?
Do you feel Hitler achieved his goals even by losing the war?
Did the Soviet Union really propose to Nazi Germany to become an Axis Power in 1940?
Who were the champions of World War II?
Was there such a thing as gei pāti (gay parties) in Japan during the World War?
To what extent could war be a solution?
During World War II, how important were the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to the Japanese economy and military? What are their parallels in, say, today's USA?
Why didn’t Argentina ever join the Axis Powers in WW2 to take the Falkland Islands from the British?
What types of military cooperation did the Japanese and Germans have during World War II? Were there any weapons or tactics that they shared?
What would the world in 2017 look like if Germany had won World War II (total victory on every front)?
During the era when the U.S. had a military draft, were volunteers and conscripts treated differently?
Why did Hitler kill so many people?
Why did the Nazis want to exterminate the Roma?
How significant and known were the Brazilian expeditionary efforts during WW2?
How important was supplying the Russians with war materials to the success of Russian troops during WW2?
Why does the human race tolerate the evil communism that killed over 20 million people, but not the national socialism that killed six million?
Which international incidents since World War II fueled international incidents such as treaties, exit strategies, elections, and war?
How much did Hitler know about the Holocaust?
How was India involved in WW2?
Was there any colonial empire that actually grew stronger after World War II?
In the history of modern warfare, why is it that the generals of WWII are the most glorified/famous?
What was life like in Slovenia during World War Two?
Why did Hirohito join the Axis powers and went to war if he was thought of as a peaceful leader?
Can a large aquatic mammal set off an anti-ship mine or a depth charge?
How much of an advantage did the British gain during WWII thanks to the invention of the sonar?
Why did the Germans kill 6 million Jews in WWII?
What was Hitler's attitude toward black Africans, and did he send them to extermination camps?
How did the British contribution to the war in the Pacific compare with the American to Europe?
How exactly was the United States coerced into fighting against Germany in WWII? Can somebody explain that to me?
Were new (towed) anti-tank guns developed after WW2?
Who would win in a fight between WWI Allied Powers and WWII Allied Powers?
Why didn't Leningrad civilians just run to the Germans?
What are some little-known facts about WW2 tanks?
What are two decisions made at Potsdam and their consequences?
Why are German WW2 U-boats not named?
What was Venezuela’s role in both World Wars?
How and why did the European nations lose control of their colonies in Africa and Asia after WWII?
How do I know if I have Hitler's signature?
What could be a good topic question and 3 sub questions of a historical essay on Enigma during WWII?
How was the Battle of Berlin similar & different to Stalingrad?
During WW2, what was the Nazis and the Fascists attitude towards Ustashe and the NDH state in Croatia? Did they made things harder for Hitler?
Did most people in Ireland want Britain or Germany to win World War II?
What do you make of anonymous's latest warning about WWIII?
Why did America retaliate when Pearl Harbor was attacked?
Despite controlling the sea, why were the British not able to cut supplies to Rommel's army in North Africa during WWII?
Who was the greatest American since WW2?
How was the Luftwaffe created in 1933-1935, before the official announcement?
In 1944 why didn't Warsaw Ghetto Jews and Polish Uprising merge their efforts? If Jews and Poles of Warsaw revolted same time, Nazis would be defeated
In World War II, why were surrounded forces easily destroyed?
Is it just me or does the Royal Air Force (RAF) uniform look like the World War 2 German Wehrmacht uniform?
Is it true that most of the footage of the D-Day landings was lost?
Why do German people still excuse and pay to victims of Holocaust?
When was the last time World War II era guns were used in combat?
Were WW1 cemeteries maintained in France and Belgium while the countries were occupied by Germany in WW2?
How did early World War II submarines find any ships?
How would the world be different if the UK had allied with Germany during WW2?
Did Hitler want Britain to ally with Germany?
How different would it have been to serve aboard a WW1 and WW2 U-boat?
What if the German army was reawakened during the Battle of Berlin?
If the Wehrmacht had been given free will and Hitler would just have been a public figure while they fought WWII, how would WWII have played out differently?
Did anyone openly defied Hitler and got away with that?
Are German WW2 casualty statistics accurate?
Why did Germany order the invasion of Yugoslavia?
What if the Germans had invested a lot more resources in the intelligence sector?
Do the bravest military units tend to also be the most ruthless?
Who started WWII?
What nation sacrificed the most during WWII?
How would Tsarist Russia fare in the position of the USSR in WWII?
Did the Nazi invasion of Denmark come as a surprise, or had the Danes expected it for a long time?
What did veteran German tankers from WW2 think of the Leopard I MBT?
Did more people die in the Holodomor than the Holocaust?
Did Patton really say we should team up with the rest of Germany & put an end to Stalin who was just as bad as Hitler?
How many Indian soldiers lost their lives trying to protect Singapore during World War 2?
Following the failure of Operation Market Garden, what operations did the Allied powers launch to thrust into German territories?
How many M1 Abrams would it take to destroy a Ratte?
Why didn’t the Japanese Imperial Army attack China’s Communist Party headquarters in Yan'an from the air during the Second World War?
What was the diplomacy of war during World War 1 & World War 2?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
If Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany again in 2017, what would he do?
What was the response of the survivors when Israel became a nation again after going through the horrors of the Holocaust?
In WWII, which occupied country had the greatest resistance to the Nazis, Poland, Greece or Yugoslavia?
How far behind would the US have been if the British had not shared their jet technology during WW2?
What did Hitler say about the Yalta Conference?
How did the Jewish partisans keep kosher during WWII in Eastern Europe?
Is there a shady American benefactor/s that make massive profits from restructured industries in Japan and Germany after WW2?
Were there any hunters of Japanese war criminals later in the 20th century, similar to Nazi hunters?
What impact did French leaders have in WWII?
During what event/war was the U.S. army most powerful?
What was life like on Cyprus during World War Two?
Wouldn't it be easier for Hitler to capture another strategic point at the Volgograd and to destroy Stalingrad by air?
How come the US didn't send troops to the Soviet Union during World War II after Nazi Germany invaded?
Why were Soviet troops looking for scientists near the end of WW2?
Why do some people believe Hitler did nothing wrong?
Who actually defeated Nazi Germany, America or the Soviets?
Would there have been any computers or a space age without World War II?
Did any survivors of Nazi death camps get compensated or apologized to?
What are the influences of WW2’s impact on the environment and ecosystem of wildlife and nature on the entire European continent?
Why did Britain and France join WW2?
Was the Third Reich a version of Plato's Republic?
Did the D-Day landings occur during high or low tide?
What was the worst concentration camp?
What are some heroic tales of World War ll soldiers?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
Why hasn’t Russia ever been conquered？
Why were the nuclear bombs dropped on Japan and not on Germany in the 2nd World War?
What was the likelihood of a Japanese invasion of the U.S. West Coast after Pearl Harbor?
How survivable would an A-10 Warthog be during the Second World War?
In WWII, would a Regimental Signaler be in the field?
Which major European country did Japan defeat in 1905?
What did we learn from both world wars that allowed us to avoid a third world war?
Why were German cities and towns so decimated by aerial bombing during WW2?
How were the Germans able to bomb England for so long?
What issues arose with mortgages during wars such as WW2 and the Vietnam War?
How did Hitler become a dictator of Germany when he didn't even get food and was homeless like a beggar before joining the army?
Who was the best sniper during WW2?
Was it in any way scientifically justifiable to kill Hitler's children on the chance that they might grow up to be like him?
What was life like for expelled ethnic Germans after WWII?
If D-Day hadn't happened, would the Allies still have won the war?
Would it have been possible for the Allies, mainly the US, to attack and defeat the USSR immediately after World War II as George S. Patton wanted?
Did Japanese soldiers use their katana in WW2?
Should the stigma be removed from the swastika?
What did Americans think of the Japanese during World War 2?
Why did men back in WWII enroll for war even though they knew they would likely find death in the clash?
Why are people so obsessed with Hitler and the Nazis?
Did the Nazi SS have anything to fear in WWII?
Is Leopold II another version of Hitler?
Who deserves the real credit for the surrender of the Nazis during WW2, the Red Army or the combined US, British & Canadian forces? Why?
Who is worse, Hideki Tojo or Adolf Hitler?
What can you say about the Filipino resistance movement in World War 2?
Why did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Were the Imperial Japanese worse than the Nazis?
Why did the Japanese lose World War II?
Why is Austria sometimes not seen as a victim of Nazi Germany?
Why was Salò chosen as capital of the Italian Social Republic in 1943?
Is World War Two still going on?
How many divisions did the Red Army have in 1945, compared to the Germans?
To what extent was World War II a good war?
What was Britain's role in the Atomic bomb?
Are there any things to love about Hitler?
Do soldiers today study the actions of World War 2 as part of their training?
How did the Germans transport Allied POWs?
What font did the US military use in World War 2 era documents (an example is in the details)?
What would have happened if Germany had colonies in Asia & Africa during the Nazi regime? Will have they been wiped out or will Germans make up stuff?
Why did Germany change the colors of their flag after WW2?
What percentage of the population of the major countries taking part in World War 2 served in combat and non-combat roles for the war effort?
Could the Nazis have come up with a better economic policy in 1933? If yes, what would've been the main components of the policy?
What are some of the weird weapons and equipment from World War I you find interesting?
Is blaming the Holocaust and WWII exclusive on Hitler wrong?
Is there a military helmet of WW2 that can be used nowadays?
If Germany had the same resources in manpower, oil, and materials as the Soviet Union did between 1941 and 45, would Operation Barbarossa have been successful?
What are the best books to read about the World Wars?
How much longer would the Nazis have needed to finish fortifying the D-Day landing beaches sufficiently to repel the Allied invading forces?
How did Russia lose so much soldiers, more than Germany, and still have a strong standing point in WWII?
Did Adolf Hitler commit suicide or was he assassinated?
What was Germany like after 1945?
Did any religious wars lead to the threat of nuclear holocaust, like the secular World War II did?
Do we have any proof of Hitler's suicide?
What would have happened if America had replaced the UK in World War I?
Why did the socialist and union movements in the USA before WW2 disappear, leaving the country relatively right wing, while those of Europe continued?
How would WWII have changed if operation Case Blue had been a success and the Germans had captured all the Caucasus oil?
How do Germans today feel about murder, theft and kidnapping of Germans by the US during and after WW2?
Which side during WWII had the best vehicles?
Does the world want another Hitler?
Do you regret that Americans saved the French during WWII?
Why are we not saying that we are in the middle of a world war when the scale of destruction and death is so high?
Why did World War II soldiers eat so much candy?
What were the causes of Germany’s attack on France during World War II?
What if the USSR went to war with the US, after WW2?
Did any of the Allied leaders (minus Stalin) know about the gulags during WWII?
What would you do if the Axis forces turned out to be the good guys?
Do you believe WWII was orchestrated by the USA to weaken other countries and emerge as a world leader?
Why was Hitler so good?
Are there any American soldiers who died in the Vietnam War which consist of big brother and little brother in one same family?
What are some of the greatest conspiracy theories about World War 2?
What if the D-Day Invasion was a bar fight?
Who would win, a modern jet or a WW2 prop plane?
Would it have made a difference if the German war economy was geared into total war at the start of World War Two like Speer implemented in 1942/1943?
Why was not the "circle of sun" (called 日之丸 in China) banned in Japan after WWII?
Why did the Soviets get massacred at Narva 1944?
How did Switzerland remain neutral during World War II?
Did World War II cause the post-war baby boom, or was it bound to happen?
Would Japan have won WWII if they never resumed the Sino-Japanese War after Manchuria, and instead focused on the Soviets and Southeast Asia?
What do Japanese today think of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto?
Did Hitler have an intimate relationship with Eva Braun?
When did the U.S. government know about "The Final Solution", the extermination of the Jewish people, during World War II?
Did the Japanese during WW2 have spies in Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, like Germany did?
Who was Japan's prime minister in WWII?
What was the defeat of the Axis powers?
How much did the Holocaust cost Nazi Germany?
If D-Day had failed, would the US have used the atom bomb on Germany instead of Japan?
Why couldn't the USSR defeat Finland in WW2?
Why does the WWII Me-163 Komet have a service ceiling of 12,100 m when it has a climb rate of 160 m/s at that altitude?
What positive results came out of WWII?
How do WWII-era flak rounds from an AA piece work?
How much is a WW2 MG42 sight worth?
In the two world wars, were there some mechanisms at work to allow sons of upper or middle class families to serve as officers, and not simple soldiers?
What happened to the national debt of countries that were overrun during WWII? Were they responsible for this debt after the war was over?
What are some events that happened during WW2?
How many hundreds of thousands of Soviet soldiers were captured by the Germans in the many battles in Soviet Union?
What nation was hurt the most by Hitler?
If Hitler saw Germany today, what would he think?
Is the world alright when war victims have to apologize and pay damages to their aggressors?
What country practiced the most brutality during WWII?
How were soldiers discharged after World War II? By mail? In person somewhere?
In WW1 and WW2, did people ever get telegrams like MIA or KIA wrong?
Why did Arabs oppose Turkey during WWII?
What was the shooting power of some of the guns used during WWII?
Would World War 2 have happened if World War 1 hadn't happened?
Why did the US justify Japanese Internment?
How did Germany go from a third-world country neck deep in debt to a technologically advanced global superpower in World War 2?
What would be the standard equipment of a WWII US Paratrooper?
Is it true that the first generation of Hell Angels members were WWII veterans? And why did they make this gang?
Which battle ended Germany's chance of winning WW2?
When did you first become interested in World War 2 history, and why?
What was life in the trenches like during WW2?
Is there any proven fact and evidence of Hitler massacring millions of Jews in the concentration camp?
What were the torture methods used in Auschwitz?
Unexploded WWII bombs are still found all over Europe. Have explosions happened due to disintegration before they've been located (since the war)?
Did Germany use any computers at the WWII?
Why was the USA to blame for the Cold War, taking into account their behavior at the peace conferences at the end of WW2, and the actions taken in Germany?
What are some good histories of the role of finance in war?
Who were some important people during World War 2?
Were the axis forces really the good guys?
At the end of WW2, Soviet troops liberated Manchuria from Japan. Why didn't Russians stay in Manchuria instead of giving it back to China?
What is the original name of Hitler?
Why is Britain routinely assessed as a plucky island nation and not a vast imperial power in the histories of WWII?
What was it like to be a GI Bride after the Second World War?
How did World War 2 start?
Were the Western allies in Europe before D-Day?
Why did Hitler feel it was important to sign a non-aggressive pact with the Soviet Union before invading Poland?
How did Hitler help Germany out of unemployment?
How did the atomic bomb affect the people and life in general in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How were Friden Flexowriters used during World War II?
What would have happened if Italy hadn't surrendered in World War 2?
Were Japanese soldiers good to the civilians of their captured colonies in World War 2?
What German post war programs could my grandfather have been in?
If Hitler had never existed, would the Nazi party never have existed, and WWII never have erupted?
Is it true that Japan treated American prisoners of war badly during the Pacific war?
What was the most unreliable gun used in World War 1 and World War 2?
What was the smallest battleship used in World War II?
Why do some historians consider the Battle of El Alamein as a major turning point to World War II in Europe?
In WWII, are there any stories about soldiers who die in the same place their fathers did in WWI?
Why do English-language alternate history authors write mostly about the World War 2 and the American Civil War?
Why did so many foreign people voluntarily join the SS?
If Leon Trotsky was a general in the Soviet Union how would he deal with Operation Barbarossa?
Why does it seem to be the case that the British Army in World War II had access to fewer submachine guns than did the Wehrmacht, the Red Army and the US Army?
What were some survival tips on the front lines during WW1 and WW2? How are they different now?
How relevant is Karel van Wolferen's "The Enigma of Japanese Power" in 2017, compared with 1989 when it was first published?
Why didn't Nazi Germany open the western front at the end of WW2?
What was the percent loss of Finnish territories agreed in Moscow 12. March 1940?
Was the Italian Campaign a waste of time for the Allies?
Who are the best WW2 fighter pilot aces?
In WWII, what were soldier/general/etc. ranks and what were their jobs exactly?
Is it Adolf Hitler or Adolph Hitler? Are they the same person?
What was the first country to gain independence after World War II?
What did the world look like during World War II?
Was Pan-Germanism part of the ideology of the Nazi Party?
How many casualties on the ground are directly attributed to machine gun rounds from air combat in dog fights and large bomber formation defenses in WW2?
What would happen if aliens came during a world war?
Why didn't Iceland occupy London after the UK was defeated during the 1970s Cod War?
Why didn't the Allies invade southern France and move east into northern Italy? Wouldn't this have made the invasion of southern Italy unnecessary?
Did Nazi Germany ever try or discipline any of its own troops for mistreatment of civilians or prisoners?
If the Japanese didn't have the resources to replace losses, why did they try to invade so many places?
Why did Italy have such a bad performance during WWII?
How many European Jews fled to Jamaica in 1942 to escape Hitler’s army?
Why do some of the most adversely affected countries from the outcome of World War 2 hold the strongest economies today e.g. Germany, China, Japan, Korea?
What was the purpose of the little blimps you can see during the Normandy landings?
What is the story of Hitler?
Is a world war guaranteed this century?
How would WW2 have played out if Germany were an island in the North Sea?
Were the Flying Tigers during World War II mercenaries?
I am black and admire Hitler a lot. Is it not normal?
If Hitler hadn't existed or wasn't healed by a medic, who would have replaced him, and would WW2 have happened?
Was Hitler's Aryan race even achievable?
Who manufactured Nazi bayonets?
How did Bolshevism benefit from outside influence during WWI?
What evidence is there to suggest Adolf Hitler escaped Germany?
Was killing Admiral Yamamoto justified?
How were the inexperienced US Marines able to inflict such disproportionate casualties on the Japanese army in the Guadalcanal campaign?
How would've WW1 and WW2 been had there been no oil in the Middle East?
Would the Axis have won WWII if Japan did not attack Pearl Harbor and Hitler did not attack Russia?
What were the effects of WW1 and WW2 to wildlife?
Did Germany have any historical ally?
What ended U.S. neutrality in WW2?
Why are Hitler and the world wars discussed so much on Quora?
Did the Germans make an effort to be better-behaved in their occupation of France and Belgium in 1940 than Germans had been in the 1914?
What would've happened if the Americans joined the Nazis?
What was the importance of Pilsudski's Intermarium in the geopolitical organisation following the Treaties of Paris?
Is it true that the T34 was built in the United States during WWII as a help to the Soviets, so they could beat the Germans?
Why didn't the United States initially join WW2?
Did Siam join the Axis powers in WW2?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
Would Katyusha rockets be effective today?
What was entertainment like in WW2?
Will World War Three happen in 2017?
Why would someone be awarded a Bronze Star for their participation in World War 2?
In which wars has Germany or its Germanic predecessors been on the right side?
If Hitler had the "Tsar Bomba" in his arsenal, how would the world be different today?
How come the Russians didn't care about throwing their country folk lives out fighting Germans in WW2?
How were prisoners of war treated during the Prophet's time?
What made Canada’s Army so effective in both world wars?
How did the American soldiers' experience on returning from WWII compare with that of Soviet soldiers' experience?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
Are there dates or ways to tell when a WW2 German hood sight/cleaning rod was made?
Was allied leadership in WW2 effective?
Were there any popular non-propaganda movies made in Germany during the Third Reich?
Did the German Army ever reach Red Square during the Battle of Moscow, and if so, when?
What if, in WW2, China obliterated Japan and the USA just forget about that war and did not do anything to help the outcome?
Were WWII American soldiers buried with the uniform they wore at their time of death?
How well would Japan's army (from WWII) fare against China in 2017?
Which Soviet generals were in Turkey during the War of Liberation (1919-1922)? When were they there and where were they?
What were some circumstances of friendly fire during WWII?
British Typhoon units at the closing of the Falaise Pocket had a high rate of blue on blue fire. Was this also true for American CAS?
What songs could be used to describe the countries in WWII?
How did World War II affect French politics and society?
How would WW2 turn out if mid air refuelling were already a thing?
Were there actual cases of SS or Einsatzgruppen soldiers who flat out refused to obey their orders?
In Band of Brothers, what really happened at the Siege of Bastogne?
How close were the Allies to failing on D-Day?
Why did Hitler join the German Army?
Were there any battles between Nazi Germany and its former allies?
Is it true that Hitler first supported Christianity and later opposed it?
What was the exact procedure for getting a crashed Spitfire onto a Queen Mary trailer during WW2?
How many Hitler sympathizers are there in the world now?
How many soldiers were killed after May in 2014?
How were World War I and II caused?
The Manhattan Project was a tightly-held secret. Does that mean that no journalists suspected that the Americans were working on a "fission bomb"?
Are the alleged German atrocities in WW2 true?
Does the hairstyle of Adolf Hitler still exist?
How did Hitler, Stalin and Mussolini use propaganda to keep their power?
What did the Germans think of Hungarian and Romanian soldiers during WW2 on the eastern front? Are there any instances of them working together?
After the Pearl Harbor attack, why did the US wait for three years before attacking Japan?
Why did India support Britain, during World War 2?
How effective was the 88 in WW2?
What would have happened had the US used fire-bombing instead of nukes to obliterate Hiroshima/Nagasaki ?
Were there any Americans in the Wehrmacht?
After France’s capitulation in WW2, how much did the French resistance do?
My friends and I were discussing the best weapon from World War II. What is your opinion?
How did the AAA work on WWII ships?
How did the USSR terrain differ from the Caucasus to the Baltic at the time of Operation Barbarossa?
What is a list of three to five (3-5) international incidents since World War II where America has taken on a policing role?
Who would win, James Howlett from World War vs Captain America from World War 2?
How did the people in the USSR react to winning WW2?
Do you think Britain saw her finest hour during the Second World War?
What would have happened if the Nazis had implemented the forced and total assimilation of the Jews?
Have Hitler's bones ever been DNA tested to prove they are really from Hitler?
After WW2, why did Germany and Japan go on to become economic powers, while Russia/China pretty much self-destructed?
What would happen if Nazism and Fascism spread throughout the world?
How did Hitler's experience in WWI shape his viewpoints after the war was over?
How does the German bombing of Belgrade on April 1941 parallel the German bombing of Guernica, Spain on April 1937?
What was life like in Tripoli, Libya during the Second World War?
Why did the British Army name one of its primary tanks of the Second World War after Oliver Cromwell, a regicide?
What are some of the most heroic moments of Nazi Germany?
In the colonial times, Spain was a superpower, how did Spain lose the status and end up going neutral in WW2?
Apart from David Twohy’s Below (2002) are there any other horror movies that take place during World War I or II?
How do we make synthetic gasoline like Germany did during WW2?
Had NSDAP Germany not attacked the USSR, would the USSR have conquered western Europe in the 1940s-1950s?
What are the three problems that Latin America faced after World War II?
What is arguably the best tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
What are the most secret weapons from WW2?
Who was the most badass veteran from WW2?
To what extent should the U.S. have employed atomic weapons against the Japanese to end World War 2?
What would the outcome of WW2 have been if Trotsky, and not Stalin, had been the leader of the USSR?
If the Russian revolution had never happened/failed and Russia remained Imperial, how would Hitler have interacted with Russia in WW2?
What does Jon Davis think about how many Germans view and treat veterans and soldiers?
Do you think that Katie Hopkins wasn't actually referring to the Final Solution of the Holocaust?
Was there any contact between Axis and Turkish vessels in the Dodecanese/Peloponnese areas during World War Two?
How did Holocaust prisoners feel about their fellow prisoners?
Do students from countries not involved in WW2 learn about it in school?
If mainland Britain had surrendered in WW2 would the Commonweath have fought on?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
What does Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like now?
Why do Fascists think they are superior when they lost the war against the inferior Communists?
How do you explain that it’s only after WW2 that UFOlogy has appeared?
Is the MOAB as powerful as the nuclear bombs dropped on Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
Do the German and Japanese school systems teach students about the atrocities their countries committed in World War 2?
World War 2 happens and the US only has to focus on Japan. How fast would the Pacific theatre be over?
Which nuclear bombing was worse, Nagasaki or Hiroshima?
If theocracies are so bad, how come the Crusades didn't give us the atom bomb like a World War between secularist states did?
After WW2, the UK almost decided against developing a nuclear bomb on economic grounds. Would the UK be economically better off today if they hadn't?
What interests did the US have in China and Southeast Asia in the 1940s?
What were the available jobs for women in WW2?
How many Nazi soldiers fought in World War II?
What were the Nazi death camps?
What was the biggest miscalculation of the Axis in World War 2?
Who were Merill’s Marauders in WW2, and what was their principal role?
Was the treatment of the Japanese living in the Americas during WWII justified or an unjust act of discrimination?
How were the Japanese treated in the internment camps during World War II?
Could General LeMay have used nuclear weapons on his own authority as Command of SAC after WWII?
Why did the Allied Navy fight in the Java Sea in February 1942?
To what extent was the Japanese invasion of China justified in WW2?
Why was the USS Constitution awarded a World War II Victory Medal?
Why was the post WW2 Macedonia created?
Were WWI veterans eligible for the WWII draft?
Why didn't the Allied forces do more to punish war criminals in WW2?
Was the USA already an economic superpower before WWII?
Why did Nazi Germany invade the USSR in such a hurry? German generals seemed to prefer any invasion to be in 1945 at the earliest, didn’t they?
Could Hitler have won the war?
Were there any other strategies beside the Blitzkrieg that German could have used in WWII?
Does the smoke from guns in a battle become a issue after a few hours?
If Nazi Germany had a small battalion of modern MBTs, could they have won WWII?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
If the West hadn't given up the Czechs and they resisted the Nazis, would the Wehrmacht have deposed Hitler?
What did the French expect the Germans to do in World War II?
Did penicillin develop due to WW2?
Do American soldiers sometimes get special treatment due to fear of the U.S. when they are captured by enemies, as compared to other countries’ soldiers?
When will Germans get over their Nazi/WW2 guilt? It's been over 70 years, but “don't mention the war" still seems to be a thing.
Was every German soldier during WWII a Nazi by definition?
Should the USA have invaded Britain for not stopping Japan from attacking Pearl Harbor?
How good was the Red Army in late WW2?
Do you think the Third World War is happening now?
What do communists think of Hitler as a person?
With as late a start date as possible, what can you do to give the Axis powers a victory?
Mr. Rynerson, I value your opinions. Can you tell me why was there such a delay in helping the Jews in WWII?
Does Germany deserve all of the blame for world war?
What was it like for you fighting in WW2 or having a loved one fighting in the war?
Why is it that when people talk about WW2, they often say that Russia and America won the war? What about the UK?
Do you believe that Manstein could have brought the Eastern Front to a stalemate after Stalingrad if not for OKH's mistakes?
Were there any German prosecutors during the Nuremberg trials?
What was Hitler’s next plan after being defeated by Stalingrad in the Great Patriotic War?
How can the average person best remember the tragedy and horror of the Holocaust?
Which country had the best ground-deployed air defence in WWII?
What is the story of the Second World War all about?
What treaties did the US make with its allies during WWII?
Was the Wochenschau of August 23rd 1939 (showing ethnic German refugees) real or staged?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
How are large caliber anti-aircraft guns aimed?
How did WWII help pull America out of the Great Depression?
What were the general arguments for and against using atomic bombs to end World War II?
Had Roland Freisler survived the Second World War, would he have defended himself at Nuremberg?
During WW2, who bombed first, UK or Germany?
If you could go back to 1943, swap places with Hitler and have his appearance what would you do?
What countries benefited the most during the World Wars? What countries were harmed the most during the World Wars? Why?
What was the most effective weapon of WW2, in terms of damage/casualties?
With so many Soviet soldiers and civilians having died in WW2 and the horrors of war, why seemingly is Russia more militaristic now than 15 years ago?
What would the Second world War have been like if Hitler's goal was the complete extermination of the French people?
Where is Schwerer Gustav (an 800 mm German railway gun) now?
In the Western economy after WW2, which generation of people has the most luck at being the wealthiest?
What was the level of German presence in Italy in 1940-43?
Would punishing Germany more after WWI have prevented WWII?
Were airmen given weapons in case they were shot down during World War 2?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers? How?
Were there trials and prosecutions of Confederate leaders after the US Civil War (like there were after World War II)? If not, why not?
How did the war on the eastern front differ from the western front?
How was the situation in the Central Africa colonies during WW2?
Did Germany change their political system after WW2?
What would have happened if Germany had gone through with Operation Sea Lion?
What do you know/think of Karl Haushofer's influence on Hitler in general and on writing the “Mein Kampf”?
What was Benito Moussolini's take on the treatment of Jews by Hitler's Germany?
Did Hitler's eugenics programs have any lasting effects on the German or occupied people?
Is it fair to say that French WW2 history has been instrumentalized by many French politicians?
Why did Hitler kill the Jews before attacking Europe? Wouldn't it have been less resource-consuming if he’d waited till after?
How much land of the German empire was given to Poland exactly after WWI and WWII?
Did the landing craft from the Normandy invasion have any malfunctions?
Did Hitler have intentions of declaring war on Britain?
What if Canada had joined the Axis in WW2?
Did the Confederacy kill more Americans than the Nazis did?
What are some interesting and important WWII sites to visit when on a trip to Europe?
Why did Great Britain choose not to set up a conscription before WW2? Was it fair to its allies?
Was the Manchurian offensive the primary reason Japan surrendered to the allies?
How did the Battle of Leyte Gulf affect the course of WW2?
How successful was the German Army during WW2? Are they over-glorified?
During WWII why did German doctors heal enemy soldiers?
What could have been the one step that would have stopped World War 2?
What was it like in Russia after WW2?
Are battleships sunk as post war "targets" ever explored?
Following WWII, why was decolonization influenced by economics?
What would a US carrier group do if they detected two World War 2 ships battling it out?
How exactly did Nazi Germany get so powerful so quickly?
Why are the most well known facts about the WW2, spread by everything from movies to comic books, all about the Jews? Because they are chosen people?
How did the French military compare to the Germans in 1940?
Why did Christian Günther allow British Agents to examine and transport the wreckage of the V2 "Bäckebo Bomb" from Sweden to Scotland in 1944?
What were the shipbuilding programs of USN, per year, just before and during WWII?
Why did Hitler think the Slavs were not Aryan even though they spoke Indo-European languages and looked similar to Nordics?
If the US had 9 GBU-43/B and dropped them in 9 Japanese cities in August 1945 including Hiroshima and Nagasaki, would the Japanese have surrendered?
Would you read a World War 2 family trilogy or just want a book that spans the entire war and the family's life during the war?
Why does Hollywood portray German soldiers as buffoons when it is a well-known fact that Germans had the highest tactical freedom at the NCO level?
How useful would dive bombers and ground attack aircraft from the Second World War be in the War on Terror?
Who funded the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development, which operated from WWII until the 1980s?
What was the wavy pattern found on German tanks in WWII?
How does the German people of today live with what their people did in WW2?
Why did Hitler never allow evacution of the Courland pocket?
During the Second World War (WWII), did the Allies have a plan B if the Normandy landings turned pear-shaped? Would they have nuked Berlin?
Did tank crews in WWII ever personalise the inside or outside of their tank?
How did Hitler save Germany from the hyperinflation?
Why no one talks about Gulags? And how were they different from the Nazis’ concentration camps? I've read Gulags were even worse, is that true?
What is the truth about Adolf Hitler? What was he fighting against?
Why Netaji meet Japan prime minister in WW2?
What is the science behind atomic shadows during the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki? How did these shadows form initially?
What are the real reasons behind America and the West becoming the leaders of the world after WWII?
What would the world be like if Nazi Germany simply settled with taking over all of Europe?
Why did France surrender during WW2 without fighting?
Why did no one except for the British adopt unguided anti-tank rockets mounted to the sides of AFVs during the 2nd World War?
Were there Americans who objected to the USA going to war with Japan after Pearl Harbor?
How strong were the Nazi German soldiers as compared to the French?
What was the Battle of Berlin?
What role did Hitler have in World War 1?
Did the French have an opportunity to prematurely end WW2 during the Saar Offensive?
How does it feel to be tortured by enemy forces?
After World War II, did the allies give any serious consideration to backing a restored Hohenzollern monarchy?
Was Ferdinand Porsche ever tried in the Nuremberg Trials? He did contribute extensively to the German war effort and was a Nazi party member.
Do you think that CoD WWII is inappropriate/insensitive?
Were Japanese soldiers more disciplined as compared to the American soldiers?
If you could go back in time to tell Hitler one sentence that would help him win World War II, what would it be?
What was the most successful tank destroyer for the US in WW2?
Is it true that the only British infantry used during the Battle of the Ardennes was the 6th Airborne?
Would the Polish paratroopers deployed at Arnhem had made a difference had they been instead deployed in the Warsaw Uprising?
The United States dropped two atomic bombs on Japan to end WWII. Nowadays, why are Japan and the United States allies?
Why did the U.S. and U.K. agree to the Soviet Union occupation of the Baltic countries at the end of World War II?
Why did Italy declare war on France and Britain?
What would've happened if Nazi Germany had had the same resources and manpower as the Allies?
What is the biggest jump in rank in Spanish military history?
Did any subject of Unit 731 survive to talk about his or her experience?
Why was the USA not charged with war crimes for bombing the innocent people of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Where can I get a list of Supermarine Spitfires in North Africa during 1944–1946 in WW2?
Would the Nazis have won World War 2 if they had the resources of America and the USSR combined?
What should I know about the Battle of Buxar?
What would've happened if Stalin was the one who broke the Nazi Soviet pact?
What was the impact of World War II on India’s economy?
What are some good sniper stories of WW2?
Could the Germans have established a good supply line through the English Channel?
Are Nazi soldiers justified in saying they had orders?
What allowed Germany to have such revolutionary military leaders during World War 2?
What do Jewish WW2 survivors think of people watching documentaries on the war?
Would the Japanese have attacked the US if the Pacific Fleet had remained in San Diego?
Why are so many Pinback songs named after pivotal locations of WWII?
What percentage of houses were destroyed in Germany by Hitler?
Where can I watch a full World War 1 documentary with good quality?
What does Eduard Limonov think of Adolf Hitler and Nazism?
How was economic revitalization important for the rearmament of Nazi Germany?
When invading the USSR during WW2, did Germany's front line constitute of only the portions of land with roads?
Are World War II films with German villains more popular because Westerners are distrustful of modern Germany and the EU?
In WW2, if Germany decided to make aircraft carriers, would they have won the war?
What does it mean collecting dead soldiers locket in WW2 movies?
We have had two World Wars. Is a third possible?
What were the living conditions in the German concentration camps?
What key battles did the Waffen-SS fight in?
What was going on in South and Central America during WW2?
What foods were rationed in WW2?
Did the United States betray Japan in WW2 by suddenly embargoing their oil after being their sole providers?
Could Germany have won World War II if they had just focused on building their early successful tanks, like the Panther and the Panzer 4, and had just focused on invading Russia instead of taking down France and all of the Western countries?
If Germans would have captured Stalingrad and Moscow would they have pushed further east?
How would you compare the death of Hindenburg to that of Yuan Shikai?
What would the world be like now if China had colonised the world during the Dynasty era?
If the Russian Empire never fell, but gained back all the land it lost in WW1, would it have won the Second World War?
Did the Germans try to bomb British radar towers during World War 2?
Have Europeans been resigned to German domination since 1940?
Was it possible for Germany to negotiate a better peace treaty if USA didn't get involved in WW1?
Why do many Eastern Europeans dislike Stalin even though he defeated Nazi Germany and helped millions of Russians escape serfdom with communism?
If Germany had won WW2, what movies would they have made to show their successes?
If China had adopted democracy after World War II, how differently would it have grown by now?
What was the real reason Rudolf Hess flew to Scotland during WW2?
What’s the use of tying a bandage around the stock of a rifle? Why do people do that?
What role did Myanmar have during World War II?
Is the Japanese zero fighter overrated?
How do I find Hitler's followers online?
What was life like on the border of German-occupied Greece and neutral Turkey during World War Two?
What if the Japanese managed to sink the US's aircraft carriers at Pearl Harbor but not the battleships?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
How did the Soviet Union emerge from WW2 as a superpower after all the devastation it suffered?
During WWII, in Russia, was all the scrap metal from destroyed tanks, etc., melted down and reused as the Soviets pushed the Nazis back to Germany?
Why did Germany and Japan believe that they would be able to defeat Allies (after USA joined WW2)?
How much was Nazi Germany's war effort impeded by its administration?
How long would it take for the modern US military to win World War II?
Was the draft of WWII enforced on homeless people in the U.S.?
What would have been the outcome had Roosevelt not given in to Stalin's territorial demands after WWII?
What were/are the typical post war poverty foods in Albania (i.e. after WWII)?
How were bunkers made in WW1 and WW2 on the front lines?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
Are Great Britain and France responsible for the declaration of WW2? Why is the blame just on Germany?
What if the Atomic bomb was created way before its original time - during the Great War?
Was Lewis Brereton the unluckiest or most incompetent commander in WW 2?
Will the US ever be more liberal like the rest of Europe after WW2 or will it take a similar event?
Who are the top five Hitler's?
If World War II was a bar fight, how would it go?
Did being rich matter during World Wars 1 or 2? Which jobs were in demand?
During WWII the Nazis wanted to exterminate most Russians and slave what was left of them, so why are there so many neonazis in Russia these days?
Just how much military equipment was abandoned by the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) during the evacuation of Dunkirk?
What are the best sight seeing in Europe for WW2 nerds?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
Who was more evil: Adolf Hitler or Josef Fritzl?
Why then did Hitler manage to threaten Europe with another World War? Why did leaders follow a policy of appeasement with Hitler?
What are some good WWII essay questions for high school students?
In WW2, if a bomber crashed with the bombs still in it, would they all explode?
How many American WW2 veterans are alive today?
Did Hitler become more parliamentary towards the end? And how did he get rid of all parties?
Can you summarize WW2?
If Field Marshall Erwin Rommel survived the war, would he have been found guilty at the Nuremberg trials?
If the Germans had seized Moscow in 1941, how would it have affected the Leningrad front?
Do atheists ever wonder whether World War II and now right-wing populism and Islamist thugs are God's judgment on Europe for embracing Charles Darwin's evolutionism and rejecting Christ?
What are some good books about world war 2 that actually describe war front violence stories?
If Neville Chamberlain had forgotten his umbrella in Munich and had to return for it would WW2 been averted?
What is the post 1945 order?
What happened to the Swedish ambassador, Raoul Wallenberg?
What are positive effects of WW2?
What do you think of the Palestinian support of the Nazis during the Holocaust?
If the Germans had the atomic bomb in 1943 after Kursk, could they have forced a peace treaty and who would they have nuked first and where?
What would have happened if the British had been defeated in North Africa during WW2?
If Nazis were not anti-semitic, how many Jews would support them?
Why doesn’t anyone acknowledge that Japan vowed to ruin the US economically after the US dropped the bombs?
Do Israelis and Jews acknowledge Nanking and Project 731?
Did the US M41 Walker Bulldog fight Tiger tanks in WW2?
If the Axis had triumphed in El Alamein, The Battle of Britain, Stalingrad and Midway, could they have won the war?
In this day and age, is it possible to stop a world war before it happens?
Would China have become a colony of Japan if the latter did not attack Pearl Harbor and the US did not enter WWII?
In 1940, Great Britain brought on mainland Europe only 10 divisions to fight the Germans. Is this a case of serious betrayal?
Did any Allied soldiers marry German women during or after WW2?
Why didn't Britain annex Heligoland after the Second World War?
During WW2, did Spain give shelter to Jews fleeing Hitler?
How many divisions (Army/Marines) did the US have in WWII?
What would the world look like today if Hitler had not attacked Poland and left it as a buffer state between Germany and the USSR? But what if he still attacked the West?
Would a change in foreign policy in 1933-1934 by Nazi Germany have helped them win the war?
If you were sent back in time to kill Hitler before he did any harm, but he was only six years old, would you do it?
Could WW2 have been won without the US?
If Hitler had not mistreated the Ukrainians and other peoples of Soviet Union, could Germany have conquered Russia?
After the Allies broke through the lines at Normandy during WWII, did they march all the way to Germany?
How many rounds are estimated to have been fired in total in WW2?
What are the effects of the atomic bombs that have been dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki today?
What would happen if the Nazis won Stalingrad?
What was the composition of Panzer Group Kleist during the invasion of France (May 1940) in World War II?
There were thousands of tanks rendered inoperative or destroyed in WWII. What happened to all the hardware?
Was the German invasion of the Balkans in WWII really necessary?
How did the landlord class in Germany fare out after the defeat in WW2?
What was it like to have sex with Hitler?
Did soldiers in WW2 wear a Hitler moustache?
Was dropping two nuclear bombs on Japan that killed nearly 100,000 people when US was so close to winning WWII a war strategy or a weapon test?
Was it possible for Hitler to invade and conquer the Soviet Union during the Second World War? If yes, then how?
Did the Soviet Air Force play a large role in World War II?
What's with Mick Rory and Nazis?
Why do some people respect Hitler and the Nazis?
Do you think any Japanese Soldier stayed on in Singapore after the surrender?
Are there still Nazis (neo nazis) in Germany? What parts of Germany would you find them in?
What was the primary purpose or function of the Bund Deutscher Mädel during WW2. Did they offer any real type of contribution?
Was there a battle to retake Singapore during WW2 or did Japan just abandon it or surrender?
Did all American allies agree with using the atom bomb on Japan to end WWII?
Why did the British leave India all of a sudden, even after they won the Second World War?
Is it safe to say that the Germans won WW2 and it was the Nazi party that lost?
What would happen if one or more of the three superpowers transitioned their economy to a WWII-scale war economy, if they refused to explain or stop?
During World War II, did some soldiers automatically enter the army as officers? What qualified a soldier to get this rank?
How do I obtain blueprints for World War 2 tanks and artillery guns?
How much shorter would World War II have been if Operation Market Garden was a success?
What were the chief aspects of the Nazi party platform in 1933 that won over German voters, effectively ending Germany's republic?
What should Hitler have done to win the Battle of Kursk?
Why is the world talking about a WWIII when there are clearly no two big parties (it's just NK vs the world)?
How hard was it to emigrate from the Soviet Union before World War II?
Why didn't Stalin save his son after he got captured by the Germans?
What if the Essex class aircraft carriers were commissioned earlier to the Pacific theatre?
What exactly did the Nazis in Germany and Austria believe in?
What have we learned from the Second World War?
What if Germany had had some F-15s during WWII?
What if Japan had modern weapons from right now in WW2?
What is the Immortal Regiment march in Russia?
What are the best troops of WW2?
Do Nazi fans resent Japan for attacking Pearl Harbor, resulting in the US participation in the war?
What time was it when King George VI gave his Sept. 3, 1939, speech about the declaration of war on Germany?
What was the relationship between Japan and Australia pre-World War II?
Which country contributed the most to ending WW2, the US or the UK?
How did the US and Russia end up against each other, even though they fought the Nazis together?
How did the Allies get the full casualties of the Holocaust?
How can you describe the US economy during WWII?
Were Germans proud of their obvious military technology advantage during WWII?
Which are better, magnesium or thermite bombs?
Did any soldier hide during WW2 only to emerge after the war?
Is Emperor Hirohito demonized in Asia just as Hitler is demonized in the Occident?
Would Germany have fared better if it entered a total war economy in 1939?
How effective were WW2 anti-air (AA) guns?
What was the biggest battle in World War Two?
What's the difference between the SS, the SD and the Gestapo, and what did they do?
Did Hitler's regime build the first motorways?
Do you have photos of a stuka with his 1000kg bomb?
Have you any first hand stories your grandad told you about combat in WW2?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
How would WW2 have been affected if all of Germany's logistical problems had been solved?
What are some modern AFVs that look nearly identical to WW2 AFVs?
If the US had used an atomic bomb against Germany in World War II, which city would they have chosen? Weren't most of them already destroyed by 1945?
Was there any hostility between China and Korea before WWII?
Did anyone ever serve in the American Civil War and WWI or WWII?
Is there a documentary of the period between World War 1 and World War 2?
What was the historical significance of World War 1 and 2?
Why were Hitler’s speeches so appealing?
Despite winning two world wars and colonising most of Africa, Asia and North America, Britain and France are not as strong as Germany economically. Why is that?
Was speed or maneuverability a better asset in a World War II fighter aircraft?
What major decisions should the Third Reich have made in 1933-1935 to help them win the world war?
How would the world have turned out if Germany had won the World War 2?
How long would World War 2 have lasted if France had not fallen and remained free from German control?
Would have Imperial Germany ever existed if Napoleon had not looted germanic states?
Why are Nazi officials so much more fascinating to me than Allied leaders?
What would happen if USA used an atomic bomb against Soviet Union in WWII?
How was China's society after World War 2 changed because of the Nanjing Massacre?
How did health insurance work in German-occupied territories during World War Two?
Did the Japanese have any knowledge about the American atomic program before the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima?
If you were a French policeman when the Nazis took over, would you have carried on and helped round up Jews, as many people did?
Why does Hollywood always make Holocaust, World War II, or Black Struggle (1960's Civil Rights era) movies, every year?
Why didn’t the Third Reich use chemical weapons against the Soviets during or after the invasion of 1941?
What was the most advanced tank of WWII?
Is it true that Koreans were a big part of the Imperial Japanese Army that invaded the SEA region?
What principles of war can be used in the battle of Stalingrad?
Could Andrew Jackson have prevented WWII?
In America, why exactly are communism and fascism frowned upon by everyone? Is this attitude reflected in other countries around the world?
How can people actually believe that the Holocaust didn't happen when there's so much evidence and still survivors alive?
What is the impact of the OSS in World War II?
Did Germany pay any fines or financial penalties after WW2? Did they pay for any of the damage that the Luftwaffe caused to Allied countries?
For a WWII novel, why would a German 18-21-year-old man possibly be living in England or the US so that he speaks English and can be enlisted by the SOE?
What did Hitler do with his power?
Did the Luftwaffe use any Japanese planes in WW2?
What was the best aircraft the Japanese had in WW2?
What did Stalin think of the Holocaust?
What does D-Day refer to?
Why did US need to support the Soviet Union in WW2?
Why did Operation Typhoon fail?
How do I trace the whereabouts of my grandfather's WW-II veteran navy colleague who emigrated to Israel from India in 1948?
If WW2 were to happen again, but the world is in the same state as it was in 1939, but had modern equipment, how would it go?
What are the death rates by country during WW2?
What was the ''pretext'' for Hitler's Jewish massacre?
How would the world look like if the Nazi Germany won WWII?
If you were a Nazi during WW2, trying to help someone cross borders, would you wear your uniform (as a fear tactic) or change into civilian clothes?
How did the Japanese feel when they lost in World War Two?
It's June 1st, 1944. You are in command of the German troops in France. Could you stop the D-Day landings?
Why did Japan choose to attack Pearl Harbor, and how didn't they realize that that wasn't a very smart move?
What were the economic, political, and social consequences of the Second World War?
Did the Serbians have a nationwide soul searching after the Bosnian War, like the Germans or the Japanese did after WWII?
What campaigns did the US contribute to in WW2?
How did WW2 as a whole impact the systems and functions of the Nazi concentration camps?
Why did WWII Pacific planes have "fat" noses, while European war planes have "thin" noses?
How many camps are there in RDC?
Why didn't the Americans mass produce the T34/T29 heavy tank during WW2?
What if Germany didn't declare war on the USSR during World War 2?
What actually happened to the Nazi & Japanese war criminals (both military & corporate) after WW2?
Why were WWII era planes often armored, while modern ones are not?
What was life like in Nice, France during World War II?
What if the US had gone along with Admiral Halsey's "Before we're through with them" quote?
What would happen if the Americans invade Japan in November 1945 as part of Operation Downfall?
How did Germany obtain enough resources to create an industrial military in WWII?
In WW2, bombing Europe was not as effective as predicted. Do you think that the Allied bomber crews were used as bait to neutralize the Luftwaffe?
Why didn't the US drop the two atomic bombs on key Japanese military bases, rather than civilian-populated cities?
Is it true that almost a hundred million Africans were killed by whites?
What would have happened to Islam had Hitler won WW2?
Is it true that power and money are the sources of the wars and conflicts which have been happening in this world?
How feared and well-respected were German soldiers during World War II?
How do German students feel when they are learning WW1 and WW2?
How did World War 2 end, and how did it impact the civilization?
What if the Germans created the Sherman tank in 1934?
What if America had declared war on the Axis in 1939, when the war started?
How was the relationship between Hui Chinese and Tibetans with the Japanese during WWII?
What are the most chaotic times in human history, excluding WWI, WWII, or The Cold War?
Was the V2 a complete waste of time and money?
Who ended World War 2?
If there had been no WW2, what would be the economic and military strength of Japan and Germany today?
Did medicine advance because of the Second World War?
Would Adolf Hitler's style, the yelling, the hand gestures work in the English language today?
If you had been in the SS in WW2 what would you have done afterwards to make amends?
How did the early 21st century differ from the time period immediately after World War II?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Wasn't Hitler a coward & traitor who left Germany in ruins?
How did Hitler economically rise to power?
If Rommel had not flooded the marshes of Normandy, how would it have affected the Allied invasion?
Why didn't Nazi Germany pursue the return of the former German colonies in the Far East with the help of Japan?
How did pilots during world wars shoot bullets through the propellers without hitting it?
If nuclear weapons were invented earlier, would World War 2 have ended earlier?
What did Italy do in WW2?
Why did WW2 happen?
Would an invasion of Britain have been inevitable had Operation Barbarossa been successful?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
Why is the history of WW2 taught in vastly greater detail than WW1 in the American high school curriculum? Is this a global trend?
Who helped stop the Holocaust during WW2?
How is it that the Nazis convinced their soldiers to commit such atrocities?
Are discussions on Hitler, the Holocaust, and WWII taboo in Germany?
If Japan didn't use Kamikaze tactic, would Japan fall before atomic bombs were used by American?
How did the British, whose tank design during WWII was lacking, design and field the Centurion shortly thereafter?
In recordings of Fritz Saukel's testimony at Nuremberg, I hear children's voices. Why do we hear children at his trial and not at the other trials?
How did Norwegian Jews fare during Nazi occupation, because I don't think they could easily be transported by boat to death camps in Germany and Poland?
How has the concept of 'white privilege' changed in East Asia since the end of World War II?
What if Shakespeare met Adolf Hitler?
How does the world perceive about the Philippines' war on drugs?
Is Hitler a pure blood German?
What do Holocaust revisionists believe? How many different versions of events are there?
Was Iceland bombed at all during WW2?
Why have all the world wars happened in Europe?
Has the Chinese Communist Party apologized to its citizens for the genocides and atrocities during and post WWII? Did the CCP support Japan during WWII?
Could the Nazis have won WWII if the US didn't get involved?
What are those small lines all over many mid and late war German tank armors?
Is there a good WWII tank documentary on PBS?
What sources are there for WW2 Europe weather info?
Do you think the average young man of today, between the ages of 17-25, would be able to storm the beaches of Normandy in WW2? If not, is discipline to blame?
Which was the best fighter of WW2?
Wasn't it a bit racist of Hitler to kill the Jews?
Did anyone survive the suicide charges of the Soviet Union and the Japanese during WW2?
What would have happened if Germany launched an attack to the West in WW2, but some of their armies getting lost moving and then they found themselves in battle of WW1?
Did the Allied leadership, especially in England and America, ever actually doubt their eventual victory in World War Two?
Can you explain Hitler's mindset?
How did World War II helped shape the national identify in the 20th century?
Why didn't the US drop nuclear bombs on USSR just after the ending of WWII?
Why does nobody admit that FDR was much like Hitler? Both had health issues, were tyrants in the 1930s, and imprisoned ethnic groups.
Who won World War II?
Why weren't the Axis forces more politically, economically, and militarily cooperative with one another during the Second World War?
Why was the bombing of Pearl Harbor a failure?
What was the US policy in the event of a German invasion of Great Britain in 1940?
How should the Tiger II be played in World of Tanks?
What would happen to the US if the USA’s current nationalistic state led to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
What would have happened if Hitler had not failed at being an artist in Vienna?
General MacArthur was the most popular World War II general. Do you think President Harry Truman should have fired him? Why or why not?
Are all the people in WWII footage dead?
What shotguns were used during World War 2?
Why did so many people in the Second World War volunteer to risk their lives and join the army?
Could a WW2 air crew hear their bombs explode when they hit?
Did the Japanese engage in tank combat with American forces during WW2?
Who were the Allies during WW2?
What would the public reaction be if World War II started today?
What was life like in Vatican City during World War II?
Can you please recommend some "tactical" World War 2 memoirs?
How is the WW2 education in Spain?
How many pounds of explosives did Japan drop on Pearl Harbor?
Why has nobody, since the Mongols, succesfully invaded Russia?
Who was the better general and why, MacArthur or Patton?
Did Britain invade and occupy neutral Iceland in the Second World War?
About how many people in the USA had both mother and father in the US Armed Forces during World War II?
Why did England require a loan from the US during WWII despite having so many colonies (more resources) while the US had none?
What was Adolf Hitler's attitude towards Islam and Muslims?
What were some of Australia's toughest WWII battles on its own soil apart from Darwin and Sydney?
How much looting did the Allies take during World War II?
Can someone make a legitimate argument, refuting the Holocaust happened?
If the US never went into the war against the Axis powers, and the Axis won, how would life be different today?
How would I be treated in Hitler's Germany as someone who is of slavic and oriental descent?
Is it possible for a bomber in WW2 to have the 8.8 cm Flak mounted on-board as defence or for taking out ground targets?
What are the causes of WW2 by Germany?
Did the Allies know that the Japanese had a major base at Truk Lagoon in WW2, or was it discovered by accident?
What would happen if none of the World Wars ever happened?
Could the Panzer III and IV have been upgraded more effectively during WW2? Could they have been upgraded to the point of competing against the Ally late tanks?
What did Japanese Americans feared after the bombing?
What was the most dangerous/likely threat to tanks in WW2, infantry antitank weaponry or other tanks?
During World War II, if the Brits knew the Japanese were coming from Malaysia on bicycles, how many troops would they have to shoot to stop the invasion?
What did the Berlin embassies of neutral nations such as Sweden and Switzerland do during the last days of Nazi Germany? Did they flee or stay?
Did the Germans like Adolf Hitler?
What was Oskar Schindler’s plan if Germany won the war?
What would have happened if Little Boy hadn't gone off and safely floated down onto Hiroshima?
Is there any way to tell what year a WW2 K98k front hood sight was made?
How is the US-Japan relationship now? How was it a decade before WWII?
What is the life of common citizens like during warfares?
What if Japan joined the allies in the WW2 and Soviet joined the axis?
What would have happened if the totalitarian states won the WW2?
Did the British-French talks of 1912 (Henry Wilson) force the British into the 1st World War?
Do the German people nowadays forgive the Allies and the USSR for the way they treated them?
What happend to American soldiers who continued to fraternise Germans and Japanese after the war?
How was Hitler's flag created?
Were Russian guns better in WW2?
If another world war breaks out, how quickly would the UK, FR, DE, and RU reach the same output they had at the peak of WW2? Who will get there first?
What is the history behind Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp?
What is the story of Queen Kubernaaga, the wife of Chandragupta II Vikramaditya?
What were some of the most famous female soldiers and units who fought in world war 2?
How did the average Soviet soldier in WW2 feel about the Germans they were fighting?
How did German soldiers manage to eat, sleep & answer nature’s call during the Battle of Berlin?
How close was the USSR to falling during WW2?
How do you explain the reasons for Germany starting both world wars?
What would you do if you time-traveled back in WW2 and you took over the place of Hitler (and ruled Germany at that time)?
Did the 1940 invasion of Norway cause significant damage to Nazi sea power?
How could you change the events of the attack of Pearl Harbor?
What would have happened if Britain had allied with the Germans in WWII?
How could the Axis alliance have prevented the Dunkirk evacuation?
What were German students taught about their history 20 years after Germany's defeat in WWII?
What would be the course of events had the Allies invaded Balkans in 1943 or 44 leaving (North) France invasion a supportive measure?
What if Italy and Russia turned on Nazi Germany in WWII?
What were the reactions of American-Jewish soldiers when they saw their relatives in concentration camps in Germany after WW2?
What do you think is causing the increase in atheists today? Did major catastrophic events, such as WW2, cause a sharp drop-off in religious people?
How were shell cases recycled in WW II, and was it the standard?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
Who would win: a modern carrier strike group or every WW2 ship?
What do you think was the best tank of WW2?
Why did the Allies not just continue to invade through Italy instead of Normandy?
What would FDR think of all the war profiteering in the US with the giant defense contractors like Lockheed, how did he prevent it in WW2?
Would Hitler have killed himself if he had been a Jew?
If you could name only one country that defeated fascism in the Second World War, which country would you name?
What was the pay scale for American, British, German, and Russian soldiers in WW2?
If the Soviet Union capitulated with the Nazis, would Germany have won the war?
Can you compare China's expansionist outreach to Nazi Germany?
Did tank crews in WWII wear helmets inside their tanks? I've noticed in videos that the crews of Abrams tanks wear helmets in action.
If you went back in time to 1935 and gave the Nazi army an Ar-15 and 30 rounds to design the gun around how would the war turn out?
If Hitler was such an intelligent person, then how come he made silly mistakes during World War 2? Why did he not learn from the mistakes made by Napoleon?
If you saw an innocent baby Hitler, would you kill him?
Are there any US aircraft numbers still missing from WWII?
What happened in the African front of WW2?
What is the secret behind the Hitler's death?
What was the worst (deadliest) year of the World War 2?
What is the worst aircraft that was put into service in WW2?
Why did France lose to Germany in WW2?
Was the invasion of Normandy done to stop the Russians from capturing Western Europe?
What if Adolf Hitler continued the war?
When does Germany have a change leadership?
What happened to the captured German weapons (tanks, aircraft, weapons) after World War II?
Did average Germans have a false superiority complex during the Nazi times? Has it been corrected by their education system?
How long could a modern battleship last against WWII era battleships, fighting them one at a time?
What is the documented justification for not lowering the official 6 million Holocaust loss figure ?
What percentage of German men were killed during WW2?
Which contributed more to Imperial Japan's demise in WWII, the British Raj or Australia?
What if the 1956 Hungarian Uprising had defeated the Soviet invasion?
If the battles of World War 2 had been "fought" through games of chess, who would have won the war?
What were the differences of German and Japanese during the WW2?
Did Central and South American countries take part in WW2?
How would Hitler's flak towers stand up to modern artillery and bombing?
Could Germany have defeated the Allies at D-Day if their beach fortifications included a coast-line full of quicksand?
Could Hitler have been reincarnated as the Jews he had killed as a karmic punishment for his acts?
During World War 2, what was the most odd weapon design ever?
Why have the German WWII E-boats been almost forgotten about, as compared to the U-boats?
Will it take another World War for tax rates on the wealthy to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
Three Sachsen-class frigates of the German Navy in service in the Baltic Sea are transported back in time to May 1942. What would the crew do?
Was Hitler right to invade Russia in 1941?
What if the Germans had created an atom bomb before the Americans during the Second World War?
With such extensive sea lines, why didn’t Japan follow the example of British Empire and totally neglected the building of convoy escorts during WWII?
What are examples of countries backstabbing their allies during war?
What German division/s fought it out in Arnhem in 1944 against the Allies and later in Yugoslavia against the Partisans in 1945?
Why did Germany allow the British expeditionary force to escape from France at Dunkirk in May 1940?
What was Cuba's role in World War 2?
What was the lesson of WW II?
What if Germany had stayed a collection of separate states instead of unifying in 1871?
Does the US need a detrumpification process like Germany after WWII?
If the Americans had mass-produced the T25 tank in WWII, would it have made a great difference?
Did people try to escape the Soviet Union on boats after World War 2?
If America has the largest military in the world, how come it hasn't won a single major conflict since WW2?
What was the deadliest day in World War 2?
What type of gas was used by the Nazi in the holocaust chambers?
How many Russian veterans who fought the Nazis are still alive in 2017, and how can you find and contact them?
Are there any accounts from troops stationed on the Falkland islands during WW2, and did the MOD's psychiatrists stay no more than 6 months?
What was your favorite WW2 game?
Would Hitler have not committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviets?
Why did Hitler say the Third Reich would last 1,000 years instead of forever?
What was President Hindenburg's opinion of Chancellor Hitler?
How would World War II have been different if Gibraltar had been under Spanish control?
If Nazi Germany won WW2 would there be an apology for the holocaust?
Why were the German U-boats so popular?
Why was Germany so ahead of Allied nations in terms of technology during WW2?
What was the scariest thing to happen in the wars?
Did the US had the toughest tasks compared to the other allies on D-day?
Why does Antifa keep calling people Nazis? Wasn't Hitler a socialist?
What was life like in San Marino during World War Two?
What were the social changes after World War 2?
How did WW2 affect south Asia?
What Indian Army units, particularly artillery, took part in the North African and Italian campaigns in WWII?
What would happen if Mussolini had joined the Allies?
How effective were Pantherturms in World War 2?
What were the effects of World War II on the American society?
Should the British Army have fortified and concentrated their forces in Singapore rather than trying to defend Malaysia against the Japanese invasion?
Will increasing nationalism ruin the progress civilisation has made since the world wars?
Why is European Russia indefensible militarily?
Were men in gulags asked to volunteer for the Red Army? (WW2)
Was a WWII victory in favor of the Allies, considering they outnumbered the Axis powers?
What if Germany from 1939 was sent into 2017 shortly after the order was given to invade Poland?
When was the Scorched Earth Policy implemented in Russia?
What was the level of cooperation between Nazi Germany and Portugal during World War Two?
Where do you hide a cyanide capsule in your mouth?
Did the Nazis believe that America and Britain would fall out with the Soviets and that they could make a separate peace with the Western Allies?
What are the losses of the Allied and Axis Powers?
What is the truth about the US occupation of Korea after World War Two?
Why didn't the Allies of World War 2 divide the Axis countries and permanently disband their armed forces?
Where did all the money to finance America's participation in the Second World War come from?
If the US were to enter a wartime economy, would it be as great as it was in WWII?
If someone made an oratorio about World War II, would it be interesting?
Are there statistics available for Panzer Crew casualties for the Germans during Operation Barbarossa & Operation Taifun?
Which public companies in the aerospace, defense, and intelligence sectors made the biggest revenues during WWII? Who were their trading partners?
During WWII, which Allied generals were the most respected by the German Army generals?
Why were the Nazis so hated? Didn't the British Empire destroy much more than the Nazis?
What happened to the tattooed Japanese in WWII who the army viewed as noncomformists and a potential source of trouble and so did not conscript?
Is the World War II battle footage usually real or a reenactment?
Assuming sufficient Allied patience, would a US naval blockade of the Japanese home islands have eventually led to a Japanese surrender?
How good was the WWII Luftwaffe before being seriously weakened?
Is it possible for the German V3 supergun design to be repurposed as a payload launching space gun?
Are the Poles still upset at the British and French betrayal in 1939 and 1945? (Germany/USSR invaded in 1939 and Poland fell under USSR rule in 1945.)
What were the impacts that WW2 had on the world's citizens, short - and long - term, positive and negative?
Could the Allies have defeated Nazi Germany if they had cut of Germany's oil supplies from Romania in 1942?
What if Sauron and the forces of Mordor joined the World War 2?
Are there any conventions on the themes of WW1 or WW2?
Why did Thailand side with the Axis powers, and did they suffer any postwar crisis like Germany and Japan?
Was the British attack on Mers-el-Kébir justifiable?
What 9mm handgun would you arm your military with in World War 2?
Who attended St. Mary's Catholic School in Walthamstow, after WWII?
If Hitler was hugged more often as a child, could history have turned out differently?
Did the Germans ever consider mounting a 88mm flak in an airplane?
Will the Nazi lose when Hilter died?
How strong is the Japanese Army?
Why did the German army chose to use the MG3? It seems like using a carbon copy of Hitler's buzzsaw is a tad bit distasteful.
What was the evolution of the official numbers of the Holocaust since 1945 until now?
If World War III broke out, would post-World War II Allied restrictions on the Wehrmacht be removed?
What are the main facts and events of Hitler's childhood? (Read the description.)
Why didn't the German military topple Hitler right after the death of President Field Marshall von Hindenburg?
What was the state of Europe and Asia before World War 2?
Which are the best PC games based on WW2?
If Nazi Germany had never risen, would the USSR and the USA have eventually clashed, vying for world dominance?
If the Axis powers won in WW2, how would they have treated the Allied countries that would have surrendered (Australia, Britain, America, New Zealand, etc.)?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
Did Nazis enjoy killing?
What would have happened if the allies had captured the entirety of Nazi Germany in 1945?
Can civilian deaths be justified during World War II?
How long the world war 2 had continued (in Europe) if allied troops started operation overlord in early 1943?
Was Napalm used in World War 2?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between WWII Chinese nationalist forces and WWII Ethiopian forces?
Why is Russia often disregarded in the West as the nation that truly ended World War 2?
Why did the Germans make an alliance with Italy during WW2, if they knew at the time the Italian army was terrible?
When did the allies discover to the fullest extent the nature of the concentration camps?
What did the Germans think when they saw US tanks swimming ashore during D-day?
Was Erwin Rommel the greatest battalion commander ever? How would he be rated today?
How did the fascists come to power?
If Europe was destroyed today to the same extent as after WW2, how would the power vacuum play out?
How would World War 2 have played out if it took place with the geopolitical context of, and with the technology of, 2017?
Why were American black soldiers from WW2 so mistreated after their return?
What does a military plan look like?
I want to learn about World War II, which books should I read?
How did African Americans help in World War I?
What if, instead of invading Poland, the USSR attempted to help Poland fight Germany?
Did the U.S. infantry wear hats under their helmets throughout World War II and the Vietnam War?
Why did Germany enter WW2?
How effective was the Australian Army in both World Wars? Were we ill equipped?
As a German citizen, do you feel like you have to walk on eggshells because of WWII?
What is the purpose of detonating an atomic bomb? Why do those militaries make atomic bombs?
During World War I, did the French Foreign Legion fight only the Germans?
Russia and America fought WW2 together. They had a good relationship. What happened then?
Why don't the Japanese admit their war crimes to other Asian nations?
Was the Holocaust profitable for Nazi Germany?
What position/job does Hitler have in WW2?
What happens with Germans soldiers in Jersey and Guernsey when D-Day is coming?
What are some important facts of World War 2 evacuees?
Who are the soldiers that saved the most people in WW2?
Was the forced labour of German civilians after WWII, ethical?
How might the war have played out differently if Germany utilised their Jews for military purposes instead of slaughtering them during World War 2?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
If Adolf Hitler had the technology we have today, would he have won the Second World War?
What did WW2 German snipers wear?
During WWII, who had the better pilots, the Finns or the Poles?
How do Stalin and Hitler compare as war leaders? Who was better?
How come the depression after WWII isn't as infamous as the depression after WWI?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in Second World War hadn't exploded?
If a completely secular Jew never told anyone he was Jewish, would the Nazis have known to arrest him?
Why did so many Soviet soldiers die in WWII?
Despite the obvious objections of all Jews everywhere, what other locations were seriously considered to establish the Jewish State?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
How did France get nuclear technology after WW2 when they were an overrun, recaptured country with a ruined economy?
What if the Allies had unilaterally invaded Portugal and/or Spain during WWII based on their ideological and trade relationships with the Axis?
Why did Germany invade Poland, which led Britain and France to declare war on Hitler’s Nazi state in retaliation?
Could the Axis have won if Japan had never bombed Pearl Harbor and the Germans never broke their pact with Russia?
What was Adolf Hitler’s favorite book?
What were the religious views of the Nazis?
In three different scenarios, could the USA, UK, and Soviet Union have individually defeated the Axis powers in WW2 without the intervention of the other allies?
Since WWII, how much and how often have US and UK foreign policy differed?
Why did the Italian Army perform so poorly in North Africa during WW2? Were they able to make any real contribution to the Axis war efforts?
If Stalin was supplying the Germans during WWII, why did the Germans attack Soviet Union to obtain supplies?
What was the name of the Axis response to the Allied "Operation Market Garden"?
How did a German soldier end up in the SS-Totenkopfverbände?
What was worse: life in Nazi Germany or life in the medieval times?
Would Russia be the third most populated country in the world if a lot of people hadn't died in WW2, and at the hands of Stalin?
How would the world play out today if Japan nuked Pearl Harbor?
Did Nagasaki and Hiroshima have a nuclear winter after the bombs?
What if Poland had modern day US weapons during WWII?
How would WWII have been different if the US had B-36s?
Is the Mother of All Bombs similar to those developed by Barnes Wallace to bomb Nazi Germany's dams and submarine bunkers?
Why is Hitler made to look worse than Stalin, who brought the world to the brink of nuclear destruction? Was it to justify the prior Western Alliance with Stalin, which enable him in the first place?
What are some important facts about France during WW2?
Under Maritime Law, could German submarines legally torpedo US merchant ships carrying supplies to Britain prior to Hitler’s declaration of war?
Why did people oppose Hitler idea of world conquest?
What did German crews think of the Jagdpanther?
How would you upgrade a WWII tank to be effective as possible on the modern battlefield?
What is a summary (short or long) of WW2 tanks?
What's more terrifying than having to pick up and defuse land mines in WW2?
How do ordinary Germans feel about the once German cities which are now outside of Germany?
Did Hitler have any supernatural powers that saved him every time he was close to death?
What would happen if Argentina entered WW2 in 1942 and attacked everyone, and then defeated the UK, Germany, USSR, USA, etc.?
Would it be appropriate to name a company after a WWII medal of honor recipient?
Were the British generals more cautious about risking the lives of their soldiers than the American generals were in World War II?
Why did the world wars happen?
Who had the highest number of aircraft in WW2?
Was Springtime for Hitler an actual play?
Did Winston Churchill believe that the Cold War was for the good of humanity?
Did the Korean conscripts for the Japanese military in WW2 surrender more often than their Japanese counterparts?
If Germany had won WW2 and beaten the USA, would the Nazis have discovered brutal experiments by the Americans?
If the Dunkirk evacuation never happened, could D-Day have happened or not?
Could the League of Nations stop Hitler?
If the USSR's military weaknesses were not exposed during the Winter War, would Hitler have postponed his planned attack on the USSR?
How did the Allies and Axis view the Americans in WWII?
How could a Soviet POW become a "Hiwi" in WW2?
How many submariners were there in the Royal Navy in WWII and how many were killed?
What would have happened if Gandhi was the leader of Britain during WW2?
During the bombing of Japan in WWII, why didn't General LeMay first try conventional bombing from 5,000 feet, before switching to firebombing?
What do people think about this: "the grand mosque of Paris helped Jews escape the Nazis by giving them Muslim IDs during WW2"?
What's with the inordinate number of questions on Quora each day about Hitler and the Nazis?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in the Second World War never exploded?
How do you escape a POW camp?
Why did Germany, Italy, and Japan think the world’s democracies were weaklings?
How did Hitler's childhood shape the person he eventually became?
What would happen to the timeline if I went back in time and killed Hitler, Mussolini, and Tojo before WWII?
When Hindenburg appointed Hitler Chancellor in 1933, did he foresee how destructive Hitler would be?
What are the books to read about the First and the Second World Wars?
Could the Battle of Britain have been prevented?
Why were linguists employed in cryptographic units in WW2?
Did the German army use chemical weapons on any battlefield during the Second World War?
What did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have in common?
What was happening in Israel during the mass slaughter of Jews during the rule of Hitler?
What would today's world look like if the Nazis had gotten the atom bomb before the US did?
When did Hitler realize Germany would lose the War?
What political position did Syria take after achieving its independence at the end of the Second World War?
If the tables were turned, and the Jews were the ones that had the capability to save Poles from the death camps, how do you think they would act?
In WW2, why did Japan go into other Asian countries?
What would the world be like if a global renaissance occurred in the 20th century instead of the two World Wars?
If Stalin proposed peace to the Germans a few times (1943 and early 1944), what were the Soviets’ demands (concessions or annexations)?
If WW1 and WW2 were fought without weaponry, who would win?
Why was the Ardennes considered impenetrable in 1939?
Did the Allies have a positive view of any high-ranking German ministers/generals other than Rommel?
Did Russians have to balance a sense of patriotism with a distaste for their own government after Hitler attacked them?
Why did Gandhi support the British during the World War though he was himself a supporter of nonviolence?
Is there an service that can provide me with historical documents such as transcripts from Trent Park during WW2?
Why didn't Germany mount an underground resistance movement after the WWII Allies occupied the country?
What would America and the world be like if Japan had conquered the world in WW2?
Was it possible for Japan to win the World War 2?
Why didn't David McCampbell make flag rank after WWII?
Have the 'foo fighters' ever been seen since WWII?
Churchill fought hard to keep France involved in the victory talks at top table after Germany's WWII surrender. Why are they so rude about Brits?
What was Churchill's reaction to the occupation of France?
How accurate are Hollywood movie depictions of German soldiers/officers during World War Two?
Why were Japanese-Americans sent to internment camps in 1942?
Where can I find an overview of covert communication systems from World War 2?
How did Hitler rationalize not being Aryan?
What were the causes of World War 2 in the Pacific?
Who were the main Axis powers?
Where did Holocaust survivors decide to live after the end of the war? How did they live?
During World War 2, how much did the Allied Supreme Commander coordinate and manage the whole war effort?
How could the people in Germany during World War 2 tolerate the deaths of innocent people?
In World War II, why did the Nazis believe that the Allied invasion would occur at Calais, instead of Normandy?
When was the last date that Germany was still winning World War 2?
Was the Ponte Vecchio the only bridge over the river Arno left standing after WWII?
What is the official name for the American landing on mainland Japan during WW2?
Why are there so many Holocaust deniers on the Internet?
What do you think of the theory that Stalin was planning to attack Hitler as proposed by Viktor Suvorov?
Was the Pacific War fundamentally caused by the different views of Japan and the United States towards East Asia?
Are there any WW2 weapons that are in mint condition?
Were any Allied personnel held to account for the fire bombing of Tokyo and Dresden? If not, should they have been?
Did the USA send paratroopers during WW 2 to fight in the winter?
How much leave did the German soldiers get towards the end of WW2 when they were getting harassed from all sides?
During the war, civilians running away from the war zone have been shelled by the artillery. Is this acceptable?
In which of the World Wars did the soldiers have the best morale initially?
What if America was prepared for the attack on Pearl Harbor without knowing it?
Did Australian troops take part in the Italian campaign during World War II?
How would World War II have been different if Stalin hadn't killed off a lot of his generals and other officers before the war?
How did the United States end World War II in the Pacific?
To what extent shall a population be made responsible of a failed policy of its leader?
What happened to prisoners in Europe during WWII? (Not POW)
Germany broke the British and American naval codes in WW2, so why did B-Dienst not have the same impact as Bletchley Park did for the Allies?
Did Philippe Petain speak German?
Was Adolf Hitler featured in a Coca-Cola advertisement before World War Two?
What will India's stand be if World War III occurs?
If you could go back in time and push a button which would kill double the amount of Germans that died in WW2 but would prevent WW2 would you push it?
Why didn't the Allies invade the German Baltic Sea Coast or North Sea Coast in both WW1 and WW2?
What was the main conflict of World War II?
Is it true that the Japanese Army buried some POWs alive during WW2?
Were there any notable Polish Soldiers in WW2?
What is the most similar event to World War 2 in world history?
How would you respond to the claim that "we should stop complaining about The Holocaust because 6 million killed is tiny compared to other genocides"?
What happened to the Nazi gold?
What was the Italian submarine service like during WW2?
Had the tables been turned, do you think the Jewish could have done exactly what the Nazis have done to them during the Holocaust?
What would have happened if France and the United Kingdom hadn't declared war on Germany in retaliation for its invasion of Poland?
Did the British or French have any victories in Europe, prior to the Dunkirk evacuation?
How bad were the losses in the Royal Navy in WWII?
What was life really like in Switzerland during World War II?
Did any American ever fight on the Eastern Front during World War 2?
Did World War II happen because of miscommunication? If so, how?
Was there any real alternative to the Hiroshima bombing? Was Harry Truman solely responsible for this unparalleled disregard for civilian life?
How much money did America lend the Soviet Union during World War Two?
When was the British and Chinese war, and what we're the important events during it?
Did the Jews who escaped to Jamaica during WW2 stay there after the war?
Why did World War II German light cruisers have twice as many guns at the rear of the ship as at the front?
Which movies based on World War 2 highlight the contribution of countries like Australia and Canada?
How did Hitler react to losses?
How many people were killed in the Holocaust overall?
What made Germans want to follow Hitler and the Nazis?
Which WW II German commander took his unit West, from near Berlin, fleeing the Russians, thereby saving his unit from certain death?
What would have happened if Germany had made no pact with Russia, had invaded Poland, ignored the French and British war declarations, and invaded Russia?
How did World War 2 give India independence?
Why are Chinese people obsessed with Germany?
How did Japan benefit by handing over prisoners of war for the Indian National Army during the Second World War?
How did Axis powers (Germany, Japan & Italy) communicate during WW II?
Did World War II truly change American views of women?
If Germany had had twice the aircraft, could they have won in air superiority and won WWII?
Why was it such a big deal at the end of the war in the Nuremberg trials that the Nazis executed Soviet commisars when many of them were just as bad?
What would happen if the entire 2003 Iraqi invasion U.S. troops were transported back to D-Day at Normandy?
How many towns in Germany were never bombed during World War Two?
How did Nazi SS react when they had to do Hitler's dirty work?
Why did Hitler invade Italy?
How were Germans sentenced to death during the Nuremberg Trials?
What are the most interesting pieces of art about WW2?
Who was better educated, Hitler or Stalin?
What are the best books about the mentality of the German people during World War 2?
Why did the USA choose to drop atomic bombs on Japan instead of just waiting for Operation Starvation to make Japan surrender?
What would have happened if Hitler succeeded in capturing (or killing) all allied forces that were evacuated at Dunkirk?
Apart from world war friendship, what makes German and Japan best in technology like automobile?
Was Mussolini forced to be Hitler's ally?
Why was the Third Reich so economically effective and how did they deal with competition?
Considering that Germany merely controls the world using the EU instead of the Third Reich, did Hitler basically win?
How did holocaust prisoners survive on such a weak diet?
Why was the bouncing bomb only used once?
If a high-ranked military professional from the present became Hitler's trusted advisor on January 15, 1945, would it have been possible to prolong the war until 1946?
How were, and are, the US soldiers/marines taught US Major General Smedley Butler's "War is a racket" words of wisdom?
Who were the losers and winners of the Second World War?
Was the Japanese declaration of war supposed to arrive before the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Did the Allies attack Austria in WWII?
Why is it that Japan was able to progress so much after WWII, but not the Philippines?
Before WWII, who were the most famous British pro-Nazis?
What would happen if George Patton's plan to go to war with the Soviet Union was carried out?
Why were the Yugoslav Partisans so successful in World War II?
How good were the British during WW2?
How bad did bombing a city affect its industrial capacity in WW2?
Why did the Soviet Army burn down their own fields and villages?
What was Hitler's critical mistakes that lead to the successful allied evacuation of Dunkirk?
Why did India participate in World War II?
Why was Adolf Hitler such a genocidal warlord?
Which countries fought on both sides of the war during World War II?
What did the United States of America do, during and after WW2, to ensure its rise to being a superpower?
In WW2 did normal people do bad things or were bad people give more power?
Should people still be thankful for the US helping or liberating them in World War II? After all, it's more than 70 years ago.
How did a small, landlocked, neutral Switzerland manage to obtain food during both World Wars?
What did America know or suspect of Japanese plans to attack Pearl Harbor or other US territories prior to December 7, 1941?
What would happen if you had mentally challenged children during WWII?
What are some trials and tribulations that people go through, that inspires others to stay motivated?
Why did they kill kids in the Holocaust?
Were there Nazis in Switzerland in WW2?
Can WW2 SPAA be used as support vehicles for infantry?
Would W. Churchill have been a normal PM if WWII hadn't happened?
Were North Indians considered Aryans by Hitler?
How would people react if Hitler was cloned?
What East European country was most anti-Semitic in the Second World War?
If Hitler had bypassed Poland and just attacked the Soviet Union full force, and then later attacked Poland to trigger a war with the rest of the Allied forces, could he have won?
Did Japan ever come close to invading Australia during World War 2?
How dangerous is war for civilians?
How much noise in dB does a soldier experience in an extremely violent battle, such as Kursk or Stalingrad?
Had Roosevelt lived, would he have used the atomic bomb, or would he have chosen another option?
Why don't we get to hear about the atrocities committed by the Imperial Japanese Army Unit 731 during WW2 as frequently as those by the Nazis?
What was the effectiveness of the German surface fleet in WW2 compared to the U-boat fleet and which was more vital to the war effort?
How did Europe recover after Word War 2?
What was life like in Andorra during World War Two?
How effective as a weapon was the TBF/TBM Avenger during WW2?
Can France be blamed for World War II?
What type of engine was used in WWII German submarines? What about air intake into and exhaust from it?
How could WW2 escort fighters match enemy interceptors that didn't need as much fuel?
If World War III were to happen, would it be the same as the other two world wars, or would something different happen?
What were some of the best guns Japan had in WWII?
Is it true that Australia planned to cede its north to Japan if it was invaded in WW2?
What were the 5 bloodiest battles of WWI and WWII?
Why did the Japanese military want 'comfort women' (more questions in the details)?
How have the Czechs taken responsibility for their extensive atrocities and murder of the German population after World War II?
How did the death of Isoroku Yamamoto affect the Japanese forces other than morale loss?
What would have happened if Hitler declared victory in Europe, and did not attack Britain?
What are the similarities between Modi regime and Hitler regime and their ideologies?
If Hitler hadn't invaded Russia, would he have won WWII?
Why did Adolf Hitler burn the Jews?
Are there any London WWII evacuees alive?
On a WW II Honorable Discharge document, what does Basic Training AAA (521) mean?
How long would Nazism have lasted in Germany without WW2 and the Lebensraum policy?
Can the US return to the "post WWII" level of success?
Did Hitler control the Nazi party like the Nazi party controlled Germany?
What role did the French military play in World War 2?
Could Germany have won World War 2 if Hitler wasn't in charge?
Should the Allies have dissolved Bavaria instead of Prussia, since the Nazi movement started there?
If Japan invents time travel today, what could they possibly do to prevent the occurrence of catastrophic nuclear attacks in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What did the French wear in WW2? Are horizon blue uniforms used in obsolete 3rd line infantry divisions?
Are there any notable Japanese who are against the Yasukuni Shrine and truly apologetic for WW2?
Why did the piston aircraft engines in World War II need more horsepower, if what they needed to do was just spin the blade?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the MP40 or the Tommy Gun?
How did WWII affect European administration and governance of colonial holdings?
In WWII, were there any benefits for voluntarily going to fight as opposed to just waiting to be drafted?
Did any German U-boats operate in the Pacific with the Japanese navy?
Why did the United States support French control of Vietnam after World War II?
How much are WWII German 8mm armor-piercing rounds worth?
Let's say the UK is a peninsula connected to the continent rather than an island nation. What would have happened to it during World War 2?
What went on behind the scenes in the Japanese goverment while the atomic bombs were being dropped? Why didn’t they surrender after the first bomb?
Did the Japanese have their own SS units in World War 2 like Germany (excluding Unit 731)?
What happened to all those that voted for Hitler?
What was life like in Bulgaria during World War Two?
In WW2 ,why didn't the imperial Japanese army attack the Soviets at the same time of the German operation (Barbarossa)?
Why did Soviet soldiers treat occupied states so poorly, even those who weren't aligned with the Axis?
What was the German air force like during WW2?
How did World War II change foreign policy?
Who ensures that controversial books remain as they were as written by their authors after events like world war?
Have you visited any World War 2 battle site in the South Pacific such as Guadalcanal, New Britain, or Bougainville?
How well did collaborators in Paris live during the Nazi occupation compared to how well they lived prior to the fall of France?
Why did FDR ask Stalin to break the Non-aggression Pact and attack Japan if he knew the US was going to succeed in the atomic bomb development?
If Jews and Slavs are racial Caucasoids, why did Hitler want to exterminate them?
Why didn't Hitler try to capture Gibraltar?
Is the evil Japanese portrayed in American WWII propaganda posters Tojo Hideki or Emperor Hirohito?
Since so many soldiers died in WWI/II, if they had never happened would the nations’ militaries be much, much bigger (since 30+ million died)?
If you could go back in time to a pivotal moment in history, e.g. the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and you had a chance to stop it, would you change history and all that follows, or let it be?
Was Adolf Hitler circumcised?
Should the U.S. have destroyed Nagasaki with the second bomb?
What's the breakdown of the millions besides Jews killed in the Holocaust?
Why didn't Hitler use chemical weapons on the Eastern Front? Didn’t he think the soviets were less than human?
What other cities beside Leningrad were besieged by the Germans in WW2?
Is there any symbolism to a human tooth hidden in a firearm's grip?
What is the film where about 300 Japanese troops refuse to surrender after the war ends, the Americans convince them, then leave the jungle marching?
What would have happened if the US had not dropped the atomic bombs on Japan?
Was it possible for Nazi Germany to ally with the USSR?
Did the UK give up its empire because after WW2 it could no longer economically afford it?
Why were the Wehrmacht so surprised about the weather in Barbarossa, if the the German winters are often very harsh too?
What role did UN played in preventing any war after WW2?
How tough was the 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion in World War 2?
What would have happened if the British Empire had joined Germany in World War Two?
How intelligent was Theodor Morell? Was he sabotaging Hitlers plans? Or was he genuinely trying to help Hitler with his cause?
How strong was the US Navy power in the Atlantic in WW2?
Why do some people believe that the Holocaust never took place?
How can the German aggression in WW2 be described?
How many fleet battle carriers did the U.S. lose in World War II?
Imagine yourself as a German around the time of WWII. You listen to Hitler's speeches. Do you join the Nazis?
Why was air cover not able to destroy the German beach defences during the Omaha landings?
What is the point of having nukes? We could've stopped using them after WWII.
What are some examples of WW2 propaganda posters with their explanation?
What if the Acropolis of Athens had been devastated during WII bombardments?
How is it for a Japanese person to visit a World War II memorial in any country in Asia?
How close are we to another world war?
What style of fighting did the Japanese use in WW2?
What effect did WWII have on Russia population-wise?
Which world war was most significant for Canada?
Why didn’t the Japanese ask Mao Zedong to be their ally and puppet ruler of China during World War II?
If you could go back in WW2 and could kill anyone during that time, who would that be? (You cannot kill Hitler or any leader of every country.)
Was the bombing of Al-Shifa justified?
If the ME 262 was perfected earlier, would it have changed the war?
Why did Italy join the side of Germany and Japan in the World War 2?
From the German opposing military perspective, who was the best general they fought against? Montgomery, Patton, Zhukov, etc in WWII?
If Jews were at risk during WW2, could they not have changed religion and then after the WW changed back to Judaism?
What if Poland attacked Germany in September 1939 instead of Germany first invading?
What are some interesting myths/propaganda from the Axis about the Allies?
What were the best armored fighter planes of world war II?
What are some reasons that prove that the internment of Japanese Americans wasn't caused by economic issues, including land and business ownership?
If I bought a painting stolen from a Jewish owner in WW2, why should I give it back?
Would Commonwealth soldiers from different nations have fought alongside each other in WW2?
Did Americans plunder Italian art treasures in WW2?
Is current Germany as powerful as Nazi Germany was?
How did the Germans lose in World War II?
If Hitler had invaded the Soviet Union immediately after Poland and concentrated all of Germany’s efforts towards it, could he have prevailed?
Did Hitler really commit suicide?
What role would the RAF's Tiger Force have played in the Pacific Theatre?
Could Hitler win if he never attacked USSR and USSR never attacked them?
Why was Memel given to Lithuania instead of Kaliningrad Oblast?
Where did soldiers buy knives during WWII?
How do the Germans look back at WW2 in the present day?
How might history differ if the USA only retaliated against Japan in WW2 and not entered Europe?
How did the US entering WWII go from 500,000 troops total to being able to fight on three fronts?
What were Hitler's views on the other individual races of the world?
Who would win, Jimmy Patterson (Medal of Honor: Frontline) or Jack Reese (Pokemon Mystery Dungeon)?
Could Switzerland have successfully resisted a Nazi invasion in the 1940s?
Could the Western Allies beat the Axis alone?
How long did WWII planes survive in air battles with such low ammunition?
What did the Howling Commandos do after the war?
Would a world war have come in the 20th Century anyways regardless of the rise of Nazi Germany?
How do the Poles feel today about the various British and French betrayals in 1939 and in 1945?
What happened to Berlin after WW2?
Was there a time in WW2 that the Americans and regular German army fought together against the SS?
How would you rank American generals in WW2?
Why didn't Nazi Germany invade Pakistan?
Why did the Soviet Union join WW2?
Were there any Japanese soldiers who served in WW1 and emigrated and fought Japanese soldiers in WW2?
Did the British people in WWII really go to prison for not finishing all the food on their plates?
Did Turkey support Nazi Germany and Hitler?
What if Stalin had been overthrown by his own people during World War 2 and they had surrendered to the Axis?
Did the allies commit any large scale war crimes in WWII?
What was rationing in Germany like during WWII?
What would have happened if Germany had started WWII five years later?
Where can I find WWII US and German army personnel records?
Do you think that Trump's administration major public policies slightly resemble those that Hitler implemented during the Third Reich of Germany?
In what battles during WW2 did two big armies clash against each other in the fields, like in the old times, like on a medieval and Napoleonic scale?
Were there any LRDG-type troops in Italy in WW2?
Was Stalin actually considering an armistice with Hitler if a second front was not opened up in 1944 and would Hitler have accepted it? What happens?
Why is India developing the country after 69 years of independence? Japan developed after the Second World War atomic attack.
How much did the armies in World War 2 live off the land?
What was the last Nazi concentration camp to be liberated?
What made Germany the best trained infantry units in WW2?
Is Julio Pino a Nazi?
Which year were the Nazis at their most evil?
Did Adolf Hitler offer an alliance to Britain in WWII?
Did the Japanese fleet bound for Pearl Harbor encounter any foreign vessels en route to their attack?
If the Japanese and/or the Germans had have won WW2 and defeated America, would they have had the resources to occupy the US?
What do you think should be done so that Western countries properly commemorate the USSR's massive sacrifice to defeat Nazi Germany?
Are bystanders more sadistic than the bully?
How did Australians serve Australia by fighting for the British in Gallipoli and elsewhere in World War 2?
Which division is the better SS or SAS?
Why were Nazis like Lammerding and von Below not prosecuted after the war?
If Japan was nicer to China and Southeast Asian countries during World War 2, could have they won the war?
What does RAID’s official reveal trailer (new World War 2 video game), “Payday's Twin,” mean?
Why did America attack Japan with nuclear bombs?
Who was the better painter: Hitler or Churchill?
Were there any Jewish people left in East Germany (The GDR) after WW2 and during the Cold War?
What is a realistic way the Nazis could have won WWII?
What happened with the best and the most experienced Wehrmacht or SS soldiers after the WW2? Did some of them become mercenaries in other wars?
With the Jewish population halved in WWII, was their repatriation to occupied Palestine ideal, given the arability of the land and history of disputes?
Were the western allies on the wrong side of WWII?
Will San Francisco be like what The Man in the High Castle has predicted if Japan really had won WWII?
What were Hitler’s favorite shows?
Hitler's economic policies were incoherent with German people's need and wants. How far do you agree?
You are the leader of Germany in spring 1943. What do you do to ensure Germany does not fall? You can't win but the Allies have no A-Bomb.
What would happen if modern wars were fought with WW2 weapons and equipment?
Do you think WW III is about to begin?
Where can I find a summary of Operation Spring in WW2?
What were the successes of the Nazis until 1939?
What if WW2 continued into 1945 and 1946?
At the end of World War 2, if America and Britain had decided to go to war against the USSR or vice-versa, who would have won? Why?
Which movies depict the wrongs committed by the Allied forces in the Second World War?
What do Turks think about Hitler?
What happened to Hitler's body after the Battle of Berlin?
What was the aftermath of Stalingrad?
Near the end of the war, how did Hitler keep his power?
Did the British and the French work together in the Suez canal crisis?
How long would it take for Japan to surrender if operation downfall was a go?
How did the rule of Hitler come to an end? Who killed him eventually?
Was the shape of the Atom bombs in WWII purely pragmatic, or did they have a theatrical aspect to them?
Why did the US bomb Japan in WWII instead of invading mainland Japan?
Let's say Russia invades eastern Germany. How many Germans will be happy?
Did the world become a better place after the Second World War?
Is there any other city which was caught under severe destruction like Hiroshima and Nagasaki witnessed?
In WWII, my Dad recalls that Joe Kennedy's airplane was brought down by a secret weapon. What was it?
What happened to important Austrians after it was annexed by Germany in 1938?
How would you envisage the world after a third world war?
Why did the Nazis choose Madagaskar to exile European Jewish people and why not choose Cyprus?
How were British RAF deserters treated during WWII? Were they executed as in WWI?
Would World War 2 have had a different course if Hitler knew more about history?
How were World War I veterans treated in the Soviet Union, after the Russian Civil War?
What was the US media saying about people of Japanese origin in the country during World War II?
Would 2 M1A1 Abrams be enough to win the WW2 battles for the Americans?
It's 1941 and Hitler dies of a heart attack, the new leader is Erwin Rommel. How do you think the war would have gone and what events would have taken place?
Why did the USSR wait until after the atom bomb to invade Manchuria? Why didn't it invade earlier?
Why did the allies win World War I?
What were the greatest science awards of the Third Reich?
How many German officers continued to serve in the army after WWII?
Why does Field Marshall Erwin Rommel have a better reputation in the modern world than other contemporary Nazi leaders?
If Hitler died in WWII, what would happen to the personal oath made to him by the military?
Did Stalin change history?
What would possibly have happened if the Japanese had won at Midway and had captured the Hawaiian Islands?
What if Argentina and Brazil had joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
If there was one weapon that the Allies would have wanted in WW2 from today’s arsenal of weapons, what would it be?
Given the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact between Stalin and Hitler, why didn't that eventually translate into an Axis alliance with Italy and Japan?
What would the repercussions have been had Nazi Germany killed a member of the British Royal Family during the Battle of Britain?
Just like the allies that landed on normandy, if Nazis had landed on England, what would have happened?
Did the American troops in WWII have a battle cry? If so what was it, and how effective was it.
What if, after the second world war, the USA and the USSR focused on their armies instead of nukes?
Was Hitler one of the good guys?
Was it humane by the Germans to shoot the wounded Americans in Saving Private Ryan?
Did Mussolini really say Stalin created "Red fascism"?
Did Hitler use the Jews as a prop to unite Germany?
Who were the most prolific and decorated airmen in World War II?
Is the French-German border the same today as it was in 1939 (before WW2)?
What happened in Oradour-Sur-Glane, France in 1944?
How did the economic recovery of Germany and Japan after World War II affect the United States?
What are some unknown stories of WW2?
What was life like on Corsica during the Second World War?
Did Germany/Nazis really fight WW2 alone, nearly defeating the entire world?
What would have happened if Stalin had captured the entire Nazi Germany in 1945?
Why are the Germans so liberal these days?
Was support for Nazism greater in Austria than in Germany during the Second World War?
Did the Waffen-SS conduct suicide bombing attacks?
How did Hitler’s promised jobs help him to rise to power?
If the M3 Stuart battled against the Japanese Ha Go tank who would win (Referencing the Philippine defence during WW2)?
Why do some soldiers simply pocket their medals?
Who were worse in their treatment of POW's, the Japanese in the Pacific during WWII, or the Vietnamese during that conflict?
Did the US personnel in Germany, post WW2, learn Nazi propaganda techniques, and used them to jump start the US Pentecostal Movement?
What if Poland had been an ally of Germany during WW 2?
Why did the ‘D-Day’ landings in 1944 spell the beginning of the end for Germany?
Who did Hitler love?
How would WW2 have played out had Germany successfully blocked the evacuation of Dunkirk?
During recon operations in WW2, how did recon vehicles avoid getting spotted and easily destroyed by an antitank cannon/tank?
What would have happened if Hitler had sent his tanks to destroy the BEF forces trying to evacuate from Dunkirk, instead of just relying on aircraft?
What was the capture of German Samoa?
Why was Hitler such a Nazi?
During WW2, how successful were the Germans at intercepting and codebreaking Allied communications?
Was Taiwan used as the bread basket for Japan during World War 2?
Are Europeans ingrates towards Britain, considering it entered both World Wars for their benefit?
What were Australian troops reknown for during WWII?
Why did the Germans in World War 2 have more advanced weapons, tanks, and other things?
Why did Hitler believe that he could win over everybody (England, USA, France, and Russia) in WWII? Didn't he realize that he would eventually lose?
Were all the allied or most allied nations automaticly at war with all the axis powers or was a state of war often absent?
Why did Hitler decide to have an armed wing of the SS (Waffen) in parallel to the Wehrmacht?
What happened to Rommel after WW2?
What made World War 2 worse?
Why did the US originally want to stay out of the war?
What are the differences in attitudes between the Germans and the Japanese towards their respective roles in WWII?
Are the French Resistance fighters of WWII underappreciated?
What if Italy won the First Isonzo battle?
On Anzac Day in WW2, did the Anzacs attack Turkey or the Ottoman Empire?
Why did the United States not strategic bomb Kyoto during World War 2?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
Could the Nazis have developed an intelligence agency in 1933 which would've help them win the war? If yes, how?
If you were in charge of a personal, World War II-era army, what would be their equipment, weapons, and uniforms be like?
What if Astro Boy fought against the US in WW2?
What happened to Hitler's relatives after World War II?
Did Hitler prevent crime in Germany while in power?
How did America’s involvement in WW2 affect international relationships and foreign policy?
What precisely were the British and French war aims in September 1939?
Were the Waffen-SS soldiers really war criminals?
How did world war two affect woman's economic role in the U.S?
What if Operation Unthinkable happened?
How many Soviet POWs died in Polish concentration camps during and after Soviet-Polish war of 1919-21?
Could the USSR have faced the Germans, without the resources sent by the West?
What if Italy had competent generals in WW2?
Who played the parts of Japanese soldiers in American WWII films, during that conflict?
Is it possible (and efficient) to supply an army by firing the supplies with artillery pieces? If so, could the Germans had used it in Stalingrad?
Was World War II a new pattern for how wars would be fought in the future? Why or why not?
How does Jon Davis feel about the use of nuclear power in World War 2? I ask only to gain perspective.
We have some ivory figures that my father-in-law collected when he was in Asia during WWII. Can we sell these?
Were people of partial Jewish heritage, whom the Nazis called “Mischlings”, socially marginalised in Nazi Germany?
How would have WW2 been different if the US Army fought the Japanese, while the Marines fought Germany?
What were the great measures of the Nazi Germany?
How historically accurate is Churchill's Second World War?
Why did the Axis underestemate the power of the Allies in WW2?
Can only one space marine from Warhammer 40k be able to take out the entire axis force from WW2?
What was the condition of India during World War I & II?
What would have happened if Heinrich Himmler had become Fuhrer in the mid-1930s, if Hitler had died?
Why aren't we as horiffied by the North Korean prison camps as we are by the concentration camps in World War 2?
When Germany attacked Poland in 1939, did Hitler know he was starting WWII?
How did the Americans and British view each other during the inter-war years?
Why is Singapore excluded from most World War 2 documentaries?
What if Erich von Manstein was Fuhrer of Germany during WW2? Would Germany lose the war? And what about the Holocaust?
How many Allied troops/sailors were killed in Japanese kamikaze attacks during WW2?
Can you sort Mussolini, Horthy, Philippe Pétain, Quisling, Tsar Boris, Francisco Franco, Mannerheim and Antonescu by their level of antisemitism?
What/when was Germany's last chance to win WW2?
What happened to all the gold that the Germans stole from other countries during WWII?
How did Hitler’s army deal with killing innocent Jews?
What Jewish artists did Hitler hate most?
What is your favourite war memoir?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
Why did the Axis forces not attack Gibraltar?
Why didn’t the Doolittle Raiders land in the Soviet Union?
Who do you consider was the most valuable trooper in World War II?
Why did German soldiers in WW2 always have chocolate?
Did Hitler receive an answer when he complained about the deportation of Volga Germans?
What US National Guard unit saw the most combat in World War II?
What are your views on the economic boycott of 1933 and the declaration of war on Germany by the Jews?
Why didn't the RAF up gun their WW2 heavy bombers .303 gun turrets to cannon or even .5 machine guns? Their fighter opponents were armed with cannons.
What is the most anti Semitic quote by Heinrich Himmler?
What's your favourite joke about the Italian army in WW2?
What similarities does our present society and politics share with that of pre-World War 2 society and politics?
Could Manstein's "Backhand Blow" have been the last chance for a German victory on the Eastern Front?
Is there any legitimacy to the claim that Albert Pike foretold the conditions of the two world wars and one to come between the Muslims and the West?
Do we still find traces of War on Omaha beach?
What was Hitler's objective for invading North Africa?
Which is the best book about Wold War I and World War II?
Which nation did the most in defeating the Axis Powers in World War 2?
What was it like to fight on the Russian side on the Eastern Front in WW2?
If World War 2 hadn't taken place, what differences would we see today?
What were the main causes of World War 1 and 2?
Why did the US invade the Philippines instead of Taiwan in 1944? Airports in Taiwan made it possible to bomb mainland Japan.
Who was the most important Allied leader of World War II?
How did Hitler react to Chaplin's The Great Dictator?
What was the alleged Allied planned fate for Adolf Hitler had he been captured alive?
Could an M4 Sherman make for a good hull-mounted SPG/TD?
Where did the US planes come from that bombed Laoag, Philippines on October 18-20, 1944 during WW2?
What are the similarities of the growing police state in the United States and Nazi Germany during World War II?
Were there many soldiers in World War 1 and World War 2 who served on different sides because they changed their citizenship?
How quick could a blitzkrieg be in WW2?
What colour badge did "race mixers" receive in the Nazi concentration camps?
If, during WW II in Poland, you were a Jew who didn't look Jewish, would you lie about your religion?
If we gave Germans in 1941 the modern weapons the US has today (except nuclear bombs), would they have won the war?
What WW2 US and British tank did the Nazis fear the most/have the biggest "fear factor"?
How is World War Two taught in Japan?
Could a plane like the BV238 launch fighters like the FW-190?
What was Hitler’s motto?
What if Japan did more damage at Pearl Harbor?
In Stalingrad (1943), the two adversaries take a break to retrieve the wounded. What did the Russian soldier exchange for the German's bread?
Was Japan and Germany enemies in the years of 1944-1945?
How could Germany be so powerful as to almost win World War II without having any big colonies and big powers by its side?
What would have happened if the invasion of Sicily turned out to be a total failure and the Western Allies had an armistice with Italy and Germany?
It's 1934, you're President of Mexico and joined the Axis. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy would you use to help the Axis win the war?
Did Hitler ever say anything about Nazism rising again?
Who was responsible for the Katyn massacre, the Nazis or the Soviets?
What would Hitler think of hip-hop?
Did the super KV2 actually exist?
Who was worse during WWII: Japan or US?
The Philippines was regarded as the second most industrious nation in East Asia post WWII, next to Japan, what happened?
How did the US and USSR go from allies during World War 2 to enemies on the brink of nuclear destruction during the Cold War?
What good did the world wars bring?
Did the Command & Conquer: Red Alert games help indirectly to spread the myth that the USSR would have invaded Europe had Germany not attacked the USSR?
Did Italy really try to ally itself with Germany during World War II or is that just more of Trump's "alternative facts"?
What is the truth about Nazism? What was the Third Reich?
Did Hitler really kill 6 million Jews?
Who misled Hitler?
What did the Nazis think of the British, the US and the Russian military tactics and discipline?
Would the Germans who put up incredible resistance on D-Day have stopped the landings had their Panzers arrived?
Was General Eisenhower ever punished for the inhuman treatment he gave to 700,000 German POWs at the end of WWII?
What derogatory terms did Russians use for Germans during World War II?
Why do we complain about Nazis rather than Socialists, since Stalin killed way more people than Hitler did?
Which countries gave support for WW2 but never declared war on either side?
What if American Millennials fought WW2?
Why did Americans and government officials want to keep the US out of foreign wars in the 20th century? How did the US government accomplish this?
In an all-out brawl between World War 2 light tanks, which country would win?
Would Martin Bormann have been tried at Nuremberg if he had survived the war? Would he have been convicted, based on the available evidence?
Do Chinese and Koreans hate Japanese people of today for the atrocities committed by Japanese government during WWII?
How was the Muslim world divided before WW2?
How many people were killed by the Nazis from 1933 until the end of August 1939?
Why was the aluminium from wrappers collected during World War II?
How would D-Day have been affected if the Battle of Dieppe had never happened, or if it had succeeded?
Were there many battles between a single destroyer and a German u-boat in WW2, such as depicted in the movie "The Enemy Below"?
Why do nations tolerate Erdogan and his Nazi accusations?
How many POWs escaped from the Soviet Union after WWII?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
What would have happened if Hitler had delayed Operation Barbarossa until April or May 1942?
Why did Herschel Grynszpan kill a German official instead of a Polish official in revenge for the suffering of his family?
During times of war, like WW2, does the creditor still go after the debtor?
Why are today's battlefield uniforms not as elegant as they used to be during the World War II era?
Why did Sean Spicer refer to Nazi death camps as "Holocaust Centers"?
If somehow Germany in 1939 declared war on the USA and attack the US who would win and why?
Why is Hitler so revered when he was a failure?
Instead of trying to explain why Syria is worse than Nazi Germany, should Trump request that Germany compensate those who died in concentration camps?
Had the Nazis won WWII, what would have happened to the Muslim world?
What would happen if someone from the future helped Hitler to win the war?
If the Americans came first to Berlin before the Soviets, would Hitler have not committed suicide?
How was Germany after 1945?
Why does nobody realize that Hitler escaped and founded KFC?
Would you see that a large part of the reason for why Germany lost the war was because they had to help Mussolini?
How would the best computers during WWII compare to devices today?
What did German soldiers think of the British soldiers?
Why wasn’t sarin gas used in the Holocaust?
What would the military doctrine look like, if a WWI- or WWII-era military were up against a high fantasy world’s military?
Is cancer a real WW2 drama or a deficiency of B17?
Is there a book that explains how and why the Holocaust happened?
What if Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president during WW2?
Did any Japanese soldiers survive the banzai charges during WW2?
Was Hitler a good, mediocre or bad army commander?
Did FDR provoke the Japanese into World War 2?
What would American and German troops do if they encountered Kranvagns and STRV-103bs on the battlefield? (WW2)
Why didn't Hitler make peace with Stalin when he was losing the war?
In which war were the two opposing sides more balanced, World War I or World War 2?
What made Canada particularly effective during the D-Day invasion?
Why was Nazi Germany so hard to defeat?
Why was the Nazi regime so kind to animals?
In high school in the U.S., when do you start learning about WW2?
During World War II, how much did the Chinese contribute to the defeat of the Axis? What manpower, material, and battles did they contribute?
Why didn't Hitler and the Nazi empire attack to the east?
What contributations did minorities and women make during the war?
Was World War II a revolution?
Why did Hitler not order his troops to quickly circle Moscow, thereby reducing Russia’s counteroffensive initiatives before winter came?
What would have happened if D-Day had never happened and the Red Army had marched through Nazi occupied Europe to the French coast?
What were the Nazi’s view of Asians?
Why didn't America drop one atom bomb on Tokyo instead of one each on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How was it like for a American to come back home from WW2?
Are you a former member of the 5th Scottish Parachute Battalion?
At the end of World War II, how did the Allies view fascist Spain?
Which of these two does the US fear more, present-day North Korea or Imperial Japan during WWII?
Why did China participate in WWII?
How long did WW2 last and why did it last for so long?
How could the Japanese have counter the "Boom and Zoom" tactics used by the P40's in China?
Did the Soviets like the lend-leased Sherman tanks from the US during WWII?
How bad was it be a Jewish in Germany during Adolf Hitler's regime?
What did a family life consist of during World War 2?
Is Einstein worse than Hitler and Stalin combined since the nuclear holocaust will kill far more combined?
Why didn’t Japan invade the USSR when the German’s were close to Moscow in 1942?
Where did Hitler kill himself?
What are some facts that may change the way we view Hitler?
Since 1914, what has been the biggest war not including the 2 world wars?
What did the Germans use to take over Poland?
What, in your opinion, are the top three reasons for Germany losing World War 2 and why?
How can the world get rid of wars?
Do you think the Hitler mustache will ever be accepted in society years from now once WWII and its generation are further back in history?
Why isn't the same mentality the Japanese soldiers had in World War II implemented in today's soldiers?
Why did General Franco not join the Axis during WW2?
How was the US able to perfect the supply line for overseas operations in WWII but no other country could?
What would have happened if the NSDAP became a terrorist organization after the war ended in 1945?
Do you think that Germany deserved to lose territories after WW2?
What would have happened if, in 1933, the Middle Eastern nations (Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Palestine, and Egypt) had gotten full independence from France and the UK?
What was life like in Spain during World War I and World War II?
Who had the toughest job on D-Day?
My wife's grandmother had money stolen by the Nazis during WWII. Is there any way to recover this money?
Was the Tachikawa airplane company related to the Nakajima airplane company?
How much of a difference would it have made if Spain joined the Axis powers after the fall of France?
Which army had the best equipped soldiers during WWII?
What caused more deaths in WW2: artillery or small arms?
How were Wrens formed in WW2?
Is the Galactic Empire the equivalent of Imperial Germany, while the First Order is Nazi Germany?
What differences became matters of life and death during the holocaust?
Why didn't Hitler escape rather than committing suicide?
Were Italians as despised as Germans in post-World War II Britain?
Are suicide attacks on military targets (like Japanese Kamikaze in WW2) war crimes?
How did World War I era Germans differ from World War II ones?
Why would police officers detain Japanese-Americans during WW2?
What effects did the British Naval blockade have on Germany and how did the German government react?
Where did the British Army traditionally conduct mass war games given the relatively small size of the home territory?
Do you know a WWII veteran that is willing to tell their story?
During WWII, did men on aircraft carriers wear different colored clothing?
Was Adolph Hitler a beast in the sack?
Was it the Nukes that caused Japan to surrender or Russia's invasion of Manchuria?
If Britain needed to replicate the WW2 effort, could they?
Why did India side with Germany and Japan in WWII?
What would be a reasonable estimate for Allied friendly-fire casualties during D-Day?
If the Japanese had invaded Macau would the Portugese end their neutrality?
How did WWII autopilots work?
Following WWII, was every German who participated in the transport and death of people to the concentration camps considered a war criminal?
Why do New Caledonia and French Polynesia remain loyal to Free French Forces despite being in the Pacific ocean during WWII ?
Which movie depicts WW2 events exactly as they happened?
Why did German commanders give salutation to troops while they were passing?
If Hitler had died in 1938, would he have been remembered as the greatest or one of the greatest Germans to ever live? (I know he's Austrian.)
What happened in Bad Gastein, Austria during World War Two?
How would the war be different if the British had fought over the Sudetenland in 1939?
Why did the French return to Vietnam after WWII?
What was the legal status of black people in Nazi Germany? Were they taken to concentration camps?
What if modern day body armor somehow appeared during WW2 and the Germans got it first?
How many deaths was Winston Churchill responsible for?
What were the most important locations involved with Greece during World War II?
So, to what extent were countries in the Americas neutral in the early stages of World War II between August 1935 and August 1942?
What does the WW2 generation of English people think of Americans/America?
If Nazi and USSR were socialists, why didn’t they become allies?
How well did German Biergartens do in the USA during WWII?
How widespread was pro-Nazi sentiment in post-war Germany?
Did Hitler become megalomaniacal or was he megalomaniacal to begin with?
Did WW2 fighters protect the pilot against machine gun fire?
Is the Holocaust not enough to prove that God does not exist?
Not including heavy bombing campaigns, did Western Allied forces mainly go out of their way to avoid civilian casualties?
Did Hitler fail to realise he was going to trigger an arms race?
Were sadists within Nazi Germany intentionally given power, specifically in both concentration camps and the SS?
How should a modern-day person wrap their mind around why the USA needed to drop such huge bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Were the Japanese resentful towards Americans during their occupation after WW2?
Why was Erwin Rommel respected even by his enemies?
How quickly did the Soviet/Allies honeymoon wear off after WW2?
Why didn't Japan try to force or threaten invasion for food and oil from the USSR, to avoid being forced to attack America?
Was World War 1 more chaotic than World War 2?
Would the method of non-violent opposition to the Nazis have failed during the Holocaust?
If you were in command of the German forces in Normandy, how would you defend the beaches with the historical units available?
Why so many questions about Nazis and Nazi stuff?
If the Japanese viewed Hirohito as a god, then how is it that war policy was dictated by the Imperial Japanese Army during WW2?
Do Italians know they occupied the Meditarreanian Region during the Turks' Independency War?
How long would Japan have continued WW2 if the US had followed the invasion of Okinawa with a naval blockade and not the atomic bombings?
How fast would World War 2 have ended if the Allies had attacked the Axis without resistance (and vice versa)?
Did the Chinese take revenge on the Japanese after China won WWII for the Nanking massacre?
What was South America's role in WWII?
Was there a battle at Villers-Bretonneux during the Second World War?
What role did the churches of Germany play in the Third Reich?
During WW2 would it have been possible to cross the Atlantic in a civilian boat?
What made the 17 pounder (75 mm) gun on the Sherman firefly so much better at armor penetration than other 75 mm guns used in World War II?
Why do the USA and Russia hate each other when they were united against Hitler in WW2?
If Hitler was brought back in time, what would he do differently?
When did the liberal world order start? Was it after WW II or in the 19th century Great Britain?
Where can I find a list of German Jewish WW1 veterans?
What are Japan’s World War 2 war crimes?
How do I identify a WW2 British solider’s rank?
If you had 60 seconds before the apocalypse, who would you talk to? Why?
What if Imperial Japan had the resources that the US/Soviet Union had?
Would the Soviets still win WWII without USA leases?
Is it true that there were still Jews living as civilians in Berlin at the end of WW2? If so, how?
Which planes were better at destroying tanks in WW2? German or Allied?
If you had a everlasting smartphone with access to wikipedia, and was sent back to the start of WW2 could you help?
What if Hitler made the Jews fight instead of killing them? He would've had so many more millions of people to fight.
What would have happened if the Allies had started an epidemic in Japan?
Is there a chance Donald Trump will instigate WWIII?
If Nazi Germany didn't start WW2 and decided to be another European country, would National Socialism still exist in Germany today?
What was the public opinion of Hirohito in Japan after WW2?
Could Hindenburg have stopped Hitler in 1933?
If the soldiers of the Wehrmacht in 1939 had all been armed with H&K G3 rifles, how would that have changed the outcome of the War?
Did Britain execute deserters during WWII?
Why does Japan always remind the world of the atrocities committed against Asian countries during World War II?
If it did actually happen, what would explain Japanese soldiers' cannibalism of Australian prisoners in WW2?
Is the WW2 generation the best generation so far? If so, why or why not?
Can a WWII Panzerfaust be useful against modern APCs, from M113s, BMPs, Bradleys, etc.?
What is one thing that Hitler could've changed to win WWII?
How were the Malays affected during the Japanese occupation?
What would have been the result of a Soviet invasion on Germany in, say, the 1950s, assuming that Germany halted its advances after France?
If Operation Sea Lion went as planned and Hitler died, what would have happened next with America out of the way?
How different would the WW2 Italian campaign have been if Patton were in charge instead of General Mark Clark?
Who would win WW3 if we pretended nuclear warheads did not exist?
What are examples of events on the tactical level leading to the defeat of an enemy on the strategic level, or vice versa?
What was the world population before and after WWII?
How do special forces soldiers in World War 2 compare with those today?
Should the attack on Pearl Harbour be considered controversial?
Did the WWII German Army include people from other countries?
Did Sherman tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
Why did the British destroy the Dublin GPO during the Easter Uprising?
What if Hitler had allowed the British army to escape France unharmed and then ceased hostilities against Great Britain?
Was Nazi Germany a success or a failure?
What is a good book about the Nazi invasion and occupation of France, Belgium, and the Netherlands?
How many people are there who deny the Holocaust?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Are there planes that drop naval mines or mines on battlefields?
If there had been no Hitler, where would we be now in 2017?
Is it Holocaust denial to call people Nazis who have done nothing close to what Hitler did?
Why must we always fight each other? Wasn't World War 1 and 2 enough?
Why were there so few trenches in WW2?
What would the world be like today if Hitler was assassinated in 1940 and Rommel became the Chancellor?
Who would win between WW1 Italy and WW2 Italy?
What was the organization of the WWII Paramarines, and what would it look like today?
What was it like for civilians living under foreign occupation during WWII?
If Weimar Germany had abolished the death penalty, would Hitler have been able to execute anyone?
Were Jews repressed in the Principality of Andorra during World War II?
If the Spitfire had not been designed, would Germany have won WWII?
What were the strategies used by China in World War 2?
Were pilots in World War 2 concerned about flying certain air routes over occupied Europe?
What would've happened to Finland if the Soviet Union had won the Winter War?
In Nagasaki and Hiroshima, how would the bombing have played out within the cities? How is such devastation recovered from?
How big would a "Vietnam wall" style memorial be if it listed the names of Soviet Army losses in WW2?
Why did the Germans send a V2 rocket into space during WW2?
How were the Germans made to co-operate under WW2?
Did the Nazis actually have a chance to win WW2?
How long were the Japanese in the internment camps?
Was there any Nazi soldier who tried to save or saved some Jews? What happened to Dr. Jozef Mengele after WWII?
How did the Berlin Airlift end?
How was China able to hold Japan in World War 2?
Is China's role in WWII fighting the Japanese underappreciated?
To what extent did the home front impact the outcome of World War II?
Did prisoners fight in WW 2?
Can the armament of a WWII-era Fletcher-class destroyer do any appreciable amount of damage to a modern coast guard vessel?
How did the fascist Franco-Spain regime practice the fascism ideology post-WWII?
Why is the victory day celebrated on different dates?
If the scale of atrocities committed by the Japanese in WW2 surpassed what the Nazis did, why do the Nazis get more hate?
How can we end war?
Which country fought back in World War Two?
If Robert E. Howard had lived through World War II, would the experience have modified his Aryan worldview?
If you told the Nazis you were hiding Jews, what would happen to you?
If Napoleon Bonaparte lived in Adolf Hitler’s era and France was threatened by him, what would he do then?
Were Jewish converts to Christianity, before Nazi Germany (1800-1930), more successful academically than their Orthodox counterparts?
Why are Serbs so obsessed with WW2 and the Ustashe?
If the Côte d'Azur had been German property, would there still have been a World War I & II?
Who will be on Australia’s side, if WW3 breaks out with North Korea?
Why is the German passport so strong even after Germany was the source of two World Wars?
Was the nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki the noblest deeds in history?
Was Hitler innocent according to Brits?
What was the most important battle of WW2?
Who had a better chance to win? The Axis or the Central Powers?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early ‘40s were terrifying. Why did they not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Did the Allies try to evacuate Singapore like they did Crete and Dunkirk?
What would Sri Lanka look like if the Axis powers had won World War 2?
The Nazi regime benefited ordinary German citizens in some ways. How were they exonerated from the devastation that Nazism caused?
During the Battle for the Atlantic in WWII, how many planes, trucks, rifles, etc., were lost? I only hear about the tonnage of materials lost.
If you were in a tank battle during WW2, which WW2 medium tank would you like to have?
To what degree did the British and Commonwealth forces fighting in Burma (1941/5) contribute to the overall defeat of Japan in WW2 ?
What does Julio Pino think about Adolf Hitler?
Were Americans during WW2 ever doubtful we would win?
What were the biggest military mistakes of all time?
What would have happened if Winston Churchill was an American?
Could someone rise to power in the U.S.A. as Hitler did in Germany? Why, or why not?
How would the world be different today if Hitler had won World War 2?
What do you think is the ultimate lesson people should remember about the Holocaust?
Are there any real world examples of soldiers booby trapping industrial machinery for use against enemy soldiers?
How does WWII affect the world today?
Why were watches not allowed during MHTCET?
If Hitler was so bad, why didn't people around him just kill him?
How many D-Day veterans are still alive?
Did Japan have the industrial edge at the start of WW2?
How horrible was the evacuation of the British troops at Dunkirk during WW2?
Would WWII-era fighters be more maneuverable if there was a workable design for a thrust vectoring propeller engine? What would be its drawbacks?
Have there been massive, large scale fire bombings (such as Dresden or Tokyo) since WW2?
In WW2 , why didn't Germany have aircraft carriers? Do they have any today?
Where, and in what conditions, were the Kharkov Nazi war criminals kept in prior to trial and execution?
Did the USAAF in WW2 use modern terminology like "bogey" and "bandit"?
If Hitler were somehow still alive and were found, would he have a legal trial or be killed right away?
Which WWII fighter was overall the best: the Supermarine Spitfire or the Messerschmitt Bf109?
What did the Axis powers call the Allies?
The archipelago of Hawaii goes back in time 75 years from 6 December 2016. What's next?
Why isn't Operation Bagration discussed more from the Western point of view of WW2?
Why didn't the Germans use Ardo Torpedo bombers and FW 200s to destroy British shipping?
Would the Chinese ever want to get back at Japan for all the atrocities from WWII?
Why did German soldiers had chocolate?
Why don't Indians respect Indian soldiers who fought in World War I and II?
Why was Germany divided into two countries after WW2?
What are some things that Adolf Hitler did that positively affected society back then, and even now?
Were all generals who were tried at the Nuremberg trials actually guilty?
To what extent did the breaking of Purple cipher help the American to win the Battle of Midway?
Who were the main countries in WW2?
You've been given command of the Singapore garrison two years prior to the outbreak of WW2. What changes do you make, and can you avoid eventual defeat?
If Hitler hadn’t been a racist, would he have been a good guy?
What did those who piloted the DO-335 think of it?
Was Nazi Germany privy to information about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor? Was there cooperation between the Axis powers - specifically Japan?
Did Hitler and his fellow German officers go to Argentina to hide after they have surrendered during WW2?
Given that almost all UK fire engine turntable ladders were German in WW2, how were they maintained for their crucial role?
In Death Traps, B. Cooper finds a secret map of Britain's Fall, 1940, WWII, beach defense preparations as being shockingly nonexistent. How bad was it?
Why did some SS units kept fighting even after the death of Hitler?
What if Hitler was a good guy?
How popular were Bodoni fonts by WWII?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers?
Why was the sign above Buchenwald different from other concentration camps?
What happened to Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the two cities that were devastated by nuclear bombs, after the war?
Did the battlegrounds of World War II recover?
How did Americans treat Japanese POWs during WW2?
If you had been a major leader of a European country in 1936-1939, how would you have stopped Hitler from amassing an empire while preventing a large scale war?
How was a flak gun so effective against aircraft in WWII? Are there easy ways to shoot a moving target?
Who would win all of WW2, Europe or modern United States?
What percentage of houses were destroyed during Adolf Hitler’s war in Germany during World War II?
Can a WW2 panzerfaust destroy a modern tank like an Abrams?
What was like to live in rural Italy during the 1940s?
How was a German U-boat different from a standard WW2 American submarine?
How did 'The Hitler Youth Haircut' come back to life?
Why is Germany the only country in the world that acknowledges having done wrong and feels guilty for the crimes committed in the Second World War?
What impacts did the Muslim world have as a result of World War 2?
Was there any impact of the Holocaust on Germany's chances of winning WWII?
What was the coldest temperature in the Operation Barbarossa?
During WW2, after Germany took France, what if Germany had taken the Suez Canal, Malta, and not declared war on the USA? Could they have defeated Britain?
Which is the strongest armed force in WW2?
Why did Hitler consider Slavic people to be "Asiatic"?
How/why did Stavka choose the name "Operation Uranus" for Stalingrad's encirclement?
If the Nazis won and we were under a modern Nazi Germany, would we still feel bad about the Holocaust?
What was Hitler's opinion of Bulgaria?
Was Japan restricted to develop aircraft manufacturing after WW 2?
After the liberation of France, why wasn't Petain shot for treason like some of the other Vichy collaborators?
In the 1984 version of "Red Dawn", is there a scenario in which the Soviet invasion could have succeeded?
Would Hitler still have committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviet Union?
Were Americans detained in Japan during World War II?
How did Hitler help India?
Would Nazi Germany have risen to power if Hitler had gotten into art school?
What are some good books for learning about WWII?
How can I be like Hitler?
Did the US build French tanks in WW2?
Were the Japanese and Italians also hated by the world like Germans after WW2?
Why were Nazis the main bad guys in WW2 when the Japanese killed more and did more damage?
With the recent change of events, are we looking​ at World War III in the near future​?
What would World War II have been like if we had Facebook and Twitter?
Did the Soviets take many prisoners in Berlin?
In WW2, did America's Allies know about the nuclear bomb?
Why did the Nazis make the Jews suffer and then kill them?
What was Hitler's reaction to Himmler's betrayal?
On US WW2 warships, what is the deck made of?
What organization was dedicated to solving problems peacefully after WWII and one that still exists today?
Why did Japan choose to attack the USA and the British Empire simultaneously instead of only attacking the British Empire during WWII?
After all the 'secrecy' of the Normandy landings, were the Allied ships attacked by the Luftwaffe? How could they miss the Armada?
Who was more evil, Winston Churchill or Adolf Hitler?
Were the Russians just as ruthless towards the Jews as the Nazis?
If there was no WWII, would US women's economic role/labor force participation have developed more slowly in history?
Did Truman drop the atomic bombs to "impress" the Soviets?
Who was Hitler's greatest rival within the Nazi Party?
Tiger (Panzer VI) or Panther (Panzer V)? Which would you rather command?
If FDR had still been the president at the end of WW2, would he have made Britain pay back their war debt as he clearly wanted to back Britain in the war?
Whom would the title of Führer have gone to after Hitler's death?
Which authority granted power to the Israelis to hunt German WW II veterans?
What would you do if you traveled back in time and found yourself going in to Omaha beach on 6 June, 1944 (D-day)?
What is the world and life?
Why did Poland have such a large Jewish population (over 2 million) before World War 2?
What would happen during World War 2 if Emperor Hirohito was killed during a bombing raid?
Do most Afghans think the US was a foreign invader trying to conquer them during the War on Terror in 2001-2014?
When American men were drafted in WWII, what protections did they have to protect their homes from foreclosure while at war?
Did Japan's two victories over the Mongols lead to a feeling of invincibility in World War Two?
What was the role of Benito Mussolini in WW2?
Why is D-Day referred to as the longest day?
What was it like to fight the Americans during World War II?
How good would armchair generals be as real generals in a war?
How long will the Third Reich, aka the European Union, last?
What are some unbelievable drugs that were used at the time of World War 2?
Was Himmler scared of Hitler?
How were horses useful during World War 2?
How many prisoners of war from the Axis Powers are buried in USA?
What is a night fighter in WW2 terms?
What would the effect be if we replaced both bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki with two Tsar Bombas?
Would Poland be better off today with pre-WWII borders?
Do foreigners think that the Japanese are sneaky because of Pearl Harbor?
What if Axis had unified Allied Command?
If the German Luftwaffe had A6M2 Zeros instead of ME109s would they have won the Battle of Britain?
What would have been more useful to win World War 2: a WW2 historian, a modern armored division, or a modern aircraft carrier?
What was the United States' president contribution during WW2?
What was Syria's role in World War 2?
Could German soldiers talk to allied soldiers in neutral Sweden, during WW2?
Who won the Battle of Cape Matapan?
How early did the Nazi Germany and the Western Allies begin to cooperate secretly against the Soviet army during World War 2?
What would have happened to Hitler if he was captured alive?
If Operation Sea Lion had been successful, how long would have implemented Operation Green, the Invasion of Ireland?
Would someone compare the bomb loads of World War 2 bombers to modern-day bombers?
Why haven't France and Britain paid Poland reparations for their betrayal of Poland during World War 2?
What are some tips to write a summary about World War I and World War II?
What are some amazing photos of the French resistance in WW2?
What were German prisoners of war camps like?
What if, during the Holocaust, the roles were swapped?
If WWII was a free for all, which nation would’ve won?
As global tensions rise, who will be the Axis and Allies of WW3?
What do you think about Serbia in WWII?
What did the Nazis do to the Jews?
What was the clothing like in World War 2?
What’s the reason for the craze for Baahubali 2 world wide?
What events made a Christmas truce memorable during World War 1 & 2?
How would World War II have played out if Henry Wallace had been elected Vice President in 1944 instead of Harry S. Truman?
What are the similarities and differences between WW2 Stalingrad (Nazis vs Soviet) and Mosul (ISIS vs Iraq) today?
Who is your favorite WWII leader and why?
Why is Alan Turing not mentioned in my Modern World History textbook?
What would have happened if Hitler had not commited suicide?
What if the allies in WW2 had invaded the Balkans with the help of Turkey?
How come the U.S. never really bothered to develop a heavy tank in numbers like they did with the M4 during WW2?
Will it take another world war for tax rates on the rich to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
What are some jokes that soldiers told about the different armed forces from around the world - in WWII?
For those who believe WWIII will not happen due to the rationality of humans, were WWI and II started for rational reasons?
In context to war profiting, how much did the USA charge the UK and USSR for all the materials supplied during WWII?
Before Pearl Harbor, did any Americans go to Germany to join the Whermacht or SS?
Isn't it mind-boggling that WWII only ended 72 years ago?
What was the point of Kamikazes in the Pacific front during WW2?
Were there soldiers that were known to not mind killing and as a result sent on numerous tours? Are these veterans usually open and verbose about it?
Could an atomic bomb in 1945 theoretically have been fitted onto a V-2 rocket?
How did the Allies "denazify" Germany? Everyone was brainwashed.
What 4 nations held control of Berlin and Germany at the end of WW2?
Are German U-Boats still trying to sink American merchant ships going to the UK or did that mostly end after WW2?
Is the word "Amazigh" a historical fabrication to trick people that dates back to the end of the WWII era?
Why didn't Italy commit war crimes in WW lI?
Without the 2 front war could Germany win WW2?
The year is 1933, and you are Il Duce. War in 1939 is inevitable. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis to win the war?
What could have happened if Hitler had possessed the personality of Mother Theresa?
What are some good books about U-boats with a lot of pictures and technical drawings that are available as ebook?
How is Japan different now from its WWII Shinto world dominance days?
What was the weather and terrain like for the paratroopers landing in Normandy during D-day?
Why is the era after WWII associated with nuclear warfare?
Was the US Green Beret based on the beret worn by British commandos during WW11?
What are some of the most cruel atrocities and some lesser-known facts of World War II that the Japanese are trying to hide from the world?
History belongs to the victor. How would modern history have been written if Nazi Germany had won World War 2?
Why is the name "Panzer" so popular as a tank name during World War 2?
How can the significance of WW2 be explained?
How could the Luftwaffe have been more effective and better?
In WW2 why didn't U boats just gang up on convoys?
Is it accurate that Hitler's generals advised him, Germany would not be ready for war until 1946?
Was Adolf Hitler a great speaker?
What if Charles I of Spain had never split Spain and the HRE and allowed Phillip II to inherit it all?
Was Japan being fearful of US planes in the Philippines attacking their oil shipments from the Dutch East Indies rational?
Why did the Italian military act so cowardly in WWII?
Overall, in the whole duration of WW2, did the U-boats have an effect on Allied shipping?
When was Poland at war with Italy during the second World War? Did it ever declare war?
Did the Pope order Hitler to be killed?
What would have happened if the USA had not entered WWII against Germany?
How good were the Imperial Japanese forces during WW2, compared to the UK, USA, German and Soviet forces?
How many tanks were made in WW2?
To what degree did World War 2 significantly change the lives of American women?
How much did Norwegians cooperate with Nazi Germany?
What benefit would the Allies of World War II gain for fabricating the Holocaust? (I don't deny the Holocaust and I am not a Nazi.)
Why didn't the Nazis simply destroy Stalingrad from the air and let the troops go around it?
Would the world be different if Axis had won WW2 instead of Allies?
How would WWII have ended if a massive alien fleet had attacked the earth?
Why did Germany initiate WWII after just having lost WWI?
Was Germany a backward country before Hitler?
Which facts support the theory that Hitler ran to South America?
If a German and Japanese from early 1942 time traveled to the present day, would they believe they won the war?
If Japan didn't use suicide charging as a war tactic during WW2, how would the Pacific theater change?
Where can I find cheap World War 2 replicas?
How would you defend the Malay peninsula against the Japanese invasion if you were the British general in charge in December 1941?
Without the English Channel, would Britain have been defeated by Nazi Germany?
How did Spain stay neutral in WW2, even though Hitler pressured Franco to join as Germany's ally?
Why did Adolf Hitler join the German Army?
In which World War 2 battle did the U.S. turn the tide of the war in the Pacific?
Who is the most prolific writer of war stories?
What would have happened if Nazi Germany had invaded France before Poland?
If Hitler didn't kill himself, who among his most trusted staff would kill him in the Fuhrerbunker?
Why were Joseph Stalin and Chiang Kai-shek enemies?
How did Vasily Chuikov contribute during WWII?
What was life like for Jews living in the Cyprus camps (1945-47)?
If Hitler had won World War II, would Germany have become the language that English is now? Would Japan have many more anime and manga fans?
What was Japan's reaction to Germany's defeat during WWII?
Did Nazi Germany use the armament factories of captured countries? Would not German and French combined production have made the Wehrmacht unbeatable?
Did Adolf Hitler do good things in improving Germany?
What if the Beer Hall Putsch had succeeded? Would Hitler have gained power in 1923?
How long were prisoners in concentration camps permitted to sleep?
How many countries in world after getting independence didn't suffer civil war?
If the U.S won World War 2 quick enough, would they have kept working on the Manhattan Project?
What was the best French tank in World War 2?
Is Arizona State University’s mascot Sparky the Sun Devil a World War II-era Japanese stereotype?
Would it have been better if the USA made a temporary alliance with Nazi Germany to fight the Soviet Union?
What was the worst decision Hitler made during World War 2?
Did World War 2 accelerate the British movement to decolonize?
Why are there questions about World Wars 1 and 2 on Quora if saying the opposite of common knowledge is forbidden/banned?
Is it true that thousands of Catholic priests were interred in Dachau during the Third Reich?
What are some subheadings for the topic Hitler as a cause for WW2? E.g., Treaty of Versailles, etc.
Did Adolf Hitler know about the death camps at all?
Is France responsible for Vel' d'Hiv (round up of Jews) given that it was under Nazi control?
Why wasn’t Hirohito hanged for crimes against humanity?
How many miles were "marched" in total in WWII?
Why don't schools in the US talk much about World War II?
How is Atwater prison camp?
Why did World War II start? Who won it? Can you give insights or give references?
What could have been done on 1 September 1939 (when Germany invaded Poland)?
Why weren't WW2 mobility vehicles armoured like today’s JLTV and MRAP?
Why was Nazi Germany so aesthetically pleasing?
What are the steps Nazi Germany could have taken in 1933-1935 which would help them in winning the war?
If Britain was communist, would that mean that Nazi Germany had invaded Britain successfully instead of the USSR?
Should today’s Germans feel guilty for their WW2 history?
What would have happened to the Allied war effort if Germany had successfully invaded Great Britain before attacking the Soviet Union?
If German aces Manfred von Richthofen (Red Baron) and Erich Hartmann had been pilots in the 21st century, would they have been as successful?
In the 1930s, were southern Germans more anti-Semitic yet less pro-Nazis than northern Germans?
Why did US soldiers rape French women when they were their allies in World War II?
How can the events of World War Two be briefly summarized?
How effective was was the Sonderkommando Elbe at its mission against the Allied bombing campaign?
What happened to the 1937's International Exposition Nazi and Soviet (and every other) pavilions?
How did the Soviets learn about the Manhattan Project?
Why did the Russians treat their fellow Slavs (the Poles) so horribly during World War 2?
Is it true that Hitler dispatched uboats to attack the US?
Did Hitler create circumstances or did circumstances create Hitler?
How powerful is the MOAB used on Afganistan as compared to atomic bombs used on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What would have happened if the Second World War had never taken place?
What was the sentiment of the German people during WWII when it became obvious that the war was being lost?
What were the political changes after WW2?
Did the US keep their entire fleet after WW2?
What was it like to live under Nazi occupation?
How can wars become world wars?
What are your favorite WWII movies and/or TV shows?
Why did Germany think it could attack more than one country at a time during WW1?
What if the Allies kept fighting WWII against the Soviet Union?
Do narcissists empathize or even sympathize with holocaust survivors?
How were Imperial Japanese Military combat medics distributed? One per platoon? How common were they?
Before and during WWII, did Germany and Japan have comic book heroes similar to Captain America, Superman, the Boy Commandos, etc. fighting the Allies?
How did decolonization shift power after WWII?
Did anyone who fought for the Allies in WW2 who deserved or won the Iron Cross because their actions greatly benefited the Axis powers?
How can I shorten an essay about the Battle of Stalingrad for a PowerPoint presentation?
If Hitler had retaken Leningrad, then captured Stalingrad, and on the other side Russia had kept their stand in Moscow, what would Stalin’s next plan have been?
Did Hiroshima and Nagasaki have military significance or were they purely civilian targets?
What butterfly effect could have prevented World War II or Nazism?
Did the US warn the people of Hiroshima about the bombing, and if so, did any of them leave?
Should the Allies have been charged with war crimes for firebombing the innocent civilians of Dresden?
Was there a difference between what Australian and European women would do in WWII, and what were those differences?
Was Hitler killed, or did he run to safety? He did not commit suicide.
If the Soviet Union surrendered in 1942, would the Allied Powers still have been able to defeat Nazi Germany?
What are some good books/resources about military wars/battles/skirmishes (particularly the ones pertaining to the U.S. after WWII)?
Had Hitler withdrawn from most of northern France, giving it to Vichy, would it have helped him to win the war (by freeing men to the east, etc.)?
Would Britain speak German if the Nazis had won WWII?
Would Germany have won WWII if they had not wasted so much of their resources transporting, housing and murdering Jews?
What was Nazi Germany's approach against capitalism?
What if Emperor Harsha defeated Pulakeshin II? Could he have expanded south?
Had Germany kept the Nonaggression Pact with Russia, what could have been the possible outcome of WW2?
How do you think WWII would have turned out if the internet and computers had existed the way they do now?
Is there any record of a Nazi testimony / witness description of his perspective of D-Day?
Who had better fighter planes during WW2, Germans or Russians?
Why did China allow Japan drag its feet in clearing the huge amounts of chemical weapons it left behind in China after its defeat in World War II?
What would the American political system be like if a powerful socialist party existed in the United States after the Second World War?
Should we exterminate the Nazis?
How many survivors of the Bataan Death March survived the sinkings of both hell ships Oryoku Maru and Enoura Maru?
How many books have been written on Adolf Hitler?
Were there any Americans serving as German soldiers during WWII?
How were the WW2 Battleships sunk at Taranto, Alexandria and Pearl Harbor refloated and repaired?
What if Nazi Germany successfully defeated Britain before invading the Soviet Union during World War II?
How can you describe Korea's participation during WW2?
Did any Burmese fought for the British during the WWII?
Were the soldiers of WWII better trained, because they couldn't rely on technology as much?
What characterized the guns used during WWII?
What are the designations for all the WW2 German Merchant Raiders?
Many of us have started to talk about World War 3. What is the reason behind that?
Were horizon blue uniforms used by obsolete units of the French during WW2 by the Fall of France?
How did Hitler achieve his goal of taking Czechoslovakia?
What was the Allied strategy in the Pacific during WWII?
Why were the German tanks so bad compared to the USA and the USSR?
How have depictions of World War I changed over time in American pop culture?
Do you think Italy should've stayed out of the Axis?
What did Hitler think of Stalin’s great purge and the Katyn massacre?
Are nuclear shadows the carbon remains of people who died in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why didn't the US bombard Normandy from the sea and air first before the D-Day?
Why are there so many Wehrmacht groupies on Quora?
What peace attempts did Stalin do to nazi-Germany in the period 1941-43?
If the USSR had liberated all of Europe from the Nazis (due to US inaction/failed Normandy landings), would the USSR collapse earlier or later?
What major conflicts has the U.S. lost after World War 2?
During World War Two how did the military decide where to send troops?
How far have we come from WW2 handheld weapons?
What if Japan joined the allies?
Why was animation used as propaganda during WWII?
How did the Italians end up switching sides in both WW1 and WW2?
What important non-WWII events happened in the 1940s?
Why do white nationalists and white supremacists call themselves Nazis and support Nazi ideals?
What are some reasons that prove that Japanese Americans weren't sent to internment camps due to concerns about national security threats?
What were the laws on illegal drug usage in Occupied Europe during World War Two?
Why hasn't Eastern Europe learned after WWII that democracy and nationalism aren't noble causes to fight for?
Who are some of the greatest heroes of WWII, in your opinion?
What if Napoleon ruled France and fought Germany during WWII, with both having the same ambition, East?
How underrated was Greece in World War 2?
Did the second wave of scout planes launched by Admiral Fletcher attack when they spotted the Hiryu?
Why didn't Germany bomb any landmarks during the London Blitz?
Did the Nazis plan the holocaust from the beginning?
If the Nazis hadn't had their camps, would FDR be looked upon worse due to the internment of Japanese Americans?
If all the Jewish scientists escaping Nazi persecution escaped to the USSR instead of the US, how would it alter the course of history?
Did WW2 combat engineers carry rifles, carry just pistols, or were they unarmed?
How should Hitler be regarded, like a criminal or a psychic?
Did the Japanese succeed in invading Singapore?
Why did Poland declare war on Japan in 1941?
What did British and Commonwealth soldiers think of the Lee Enfield during WW2?
Why did Hitler choose to elevate the SS over the SA, particularly with the Night of the Long Knives?
What are some interesting stories related to Einstein and World War II?
What is the best book about World history, before, during, and after the World Wars?
What is your favorite World War 1/2 video game and why?
In the era of World War II, was it easier to train a good fighter pilot or a competent bomber crew?
Has America committed war atrocities like the Nazis or Japanese? The only one I can think of (my ignorance most likely) is the trail of tears?
Who is the last German soldier to surrender after WWII when the last Japanese soldier surrender in 1974?
Why were the Japanese so cruel during WW2, and much before then?
How can I be a good speaker like Hitler was?
In spite of having dropped nuclear bombs on Japan, how come the USA and Japan have become strong allies?
How did World War I era German helmets differ from World War II ones?
The atomic bombing of Hiroshima actually killed less Japanese civilians than the fire-bombing of Tokyo several weeks earlier. Why was there no outcry after the Tokyo bombing?
How did black soldiers feel after WWII?
Were the German military tactics and strategies better than those of the Allied forces?
What was the time period of WW2?
What would have happened if Germany had declared war in WW1 with WW2-standard weapon equipment and tools?
How would an F-35 do in World War 2? Would it change the outcome of the war on the level of the nuclear bombs?
What was the significance of the Soviet invasion of Manchuria during the last stages of World War 2?
What would the world be like if in World War II instead of bombing Japan, we bombed Germany?
Do the Japanese feel the atomic bombs saved lives?
How long would a tank have lasted before being destroyed during WWII?
Why didn’t Hitler invade the Soviet Union first before years of war?
How did Nazi war criminals get hold of cyanide pills?
How did Greece manage to escape Soviet occupation after the Second World War?
The late George Carlin once stated that Germany lost WWII but fascism won. Was he right?
Had Hitler lived through WW2, would he have been tried first or last at Nuremberg?
Why were German helmets curved?
How would the Allied attack on Normandy in 1944 have been different if modern aircraft had been available?
What were the effects of the Great Depression and World War II on business and labour?
Was George Rockwell of the American Nazi Party a bad guy?
How did the Jewish refugees in Japan during WW2 convince the Japanese not to follow the request of Hitler to kill them all?
Would anime have been created if World War 2 had never happened?
What percentage of the world economy is generated by the war machine?
How many Pakistani soldiers die in a year?
If you lived in the house of Adolf Hitler (or similar) when he was still developing his ideologies, is the holocaust your fault?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
If Germany won WW2, what would life be like in the UK?
I found some evidence that Japan planned to attack NY Harbor after Pearl Harbor. Given the distance, were they capable of carrying out such an attack?
Do you oppose the Nuremberg Trial?
Why did the U.S. decide to use the atomic bomb on Japan in WW2?
What is the secret behind the Nazi war machinery light years ahead in technology than their Allied & other Axis counterparts?
What would've happened if the USA joined the Axis powers in WWII?
Why was the Soviet Union not charged with war crimes for World War II (e.g., due to the Poland massacres)?
Is there anything good that the USA did during WWII for ending the war?
How could fascism survive in several countries after WW2?
Would America have gotten into WW2 if Japan wouldn't have attacked America's stuff?
Why were Polish WW2 prisoners of war offered relocation to Australia or Canada?
How did World War 2 affect literature?
How did Germany rebuild its population after WWII and the huge loss of men?
What are the different types of planes used in WW2?
How were the communications technology in tanks and aircraft during WW1?
Did involvement in World War II help women and minorities achieve greater social, economic, political influence and opportunities within the US?
How did planes land on WW2 aircraft carriers?
What was the First World War called before the Second World War happened?
How much metal was used to make all the bullets fired in World War 2?
Why was Germany divided after World War II but not after World War I?
Could the “Werewolf” military program created by the Nazis during World War 2 have affected the war in a major way if it was fully "funded"?
If a domestic passenger jet flew at 40,000 feet over Europe during WW2, would it be relatively safe from being shot down?
How far along were the Japanese in building an atomic bomb in WW2?
What did the Normandy planners learn from Gallipoli?
Had the Germans won the Battle of Britain, would Operation Sea Lion have had any real chance of success?
How did WW2 change Ukraine's economy?
Could the Germans have used gliders to attack British battleships?
If the WW2 Allied soldiers had worn modern-day army clothing (bulletproof vests), would it have made for fewer casualties?
When were WWI and WWII officially called "World Wars"?
What if, during WWII, Germany had been communist and Russia had been fascist?
What happened to Jewish children adopted to German parents during WWII?
What was the Japanese economic policy in WW1, the interwar period and WW2?
How much of the famous atrocities committed by the Japanese during WW2 are propaganda?
What was the best bolt action rifle of world war 2 for the allies and the axis powers?
Did the British know about the Holocaust before the breakout of WW2?
To which extent was WWII a war of resources?
Were any light raiding vehicles used by the Germans in WWII?
How did the Second World War change the Swiss society?
What are some interesting, amazing, untold stories from World War II about the navies of countries not considered to be major sea powers?
Pretending there are no dependency on each other, could WW2 era allied military defeat modern day axis military in a conventional war?
Why was there a 1st and 6th Airborne Division, but no 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th?
What were the major problems faced by the third Reich and how were they tackled post the enabling act of 1933?
WWII Submarines have deck guns. How were they protected from being submerged in salt water?
To what extent have the Americans compensated the Japanese people for their decision to drop the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why was the Vietnam War more controversial than WWII even though we lost more men in WWII?
Are there any families named Hitler today?
Why do tanks (German, WW2) move with their cannons directed not forward during times of no engagement on roads?
What would have happened if the Soviets had actually won the technological competition over America and its allies?
What were the short-term effects of World War II?
Was Monty ever given any other active role in any other major Allied operational planning after his dismal plan for Operation Market Garden?
What would have happened if Hitler did launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did the Nazis choose to attack the Soviets, rather than attacking the UK?
What if the Holocaust didn't happen and Hitler killed Slavs instead?
Why did nationalism grow in European nations after World War II?
Could a modern day Denmark, in 1940, withstand a German invasion?
Did Nazi Germany attempt to invade Switzerland?
Why were the Nazis able to carry out the Holocaust without any major protests from the German population?
Some believe the US administration's major policies resemble those of the Third Reich. What do you think best represents the two governments?
What do Germans think about the land they lost after the WWs?
Did France, Germany, and Russia pat the USA’s back after WW2?
Were Hitler's last orders to destroy Germany entirely in a scorched earth policy?
What were Hitler's negative contributions to Germany?
What was each nation known best for in WWII?
Is the German military of WWII overrated on Quora?
Who were some philosophers during the world wars, what did they do?
Did academic grades matter for US military service during World War II?
You’re Hitler in 1933. What do you do in order to win WW2?
How many people of Japanese descent died in internment camps during World War 2?
Was Australia attacked during the World Wars?
Did the Japanese and the Germans trade in torpedo technology during WW2?
Is WWII Germany stronger than today’s North Korea?
What major battles did Italy fight in WW2 by itself?
What if after Mons the Dunkirk evacuation had taken place in WWI? Would there have been a Battle of Britain or possible threat of invasion?
Did the French government compensate the UK for liberating their country from German occupation during WW2? If not, how has the UK benefited?
Is it possible to win the whole world like Hitler?
What was the purpose of the jeeps in World War II?
What if Germany had atomic bombs in WW2?
What was life like in Nazi Germany for non-Jewish Aryans?
What would happen if India got its freedom before World War 2?
Did Churchill know about the Pearl Harbour attack before it took place?
Who was the greatest German general of WW2?
Which would win, a completed Panzer VIII Maus or a T28 Super Heavy Tank?
Why is the royal navy so small now compared to what it was in WW2?
Does Neville Chamberlain deserve scorn?
Did the Japanese respect the foreign embassies in China during WW2?
Would the victory of Imperialist Britain during World War 2 actually have helped its colonies avoid the possible severe tyranny under the Nazi regime if the latter had won?
What were the main causes of World War II?
What was the role of movies in World War II?
How was President Truman's decision to drop the atomic bombs on Japan greeted in America, and what is thought of it today?
Were South Africa's cities predominantly white before the outbreak of World War Two?
What are some famous United States infantry units from World War 2? They can be from any state in the USA.
How much ammunition did the Marines carry in WWII?
If tanks can be easily destroyed by portable anti-tank weapons, why are they still deployed in conventional warfare after WWII?
If there was a third world war in this decade, who would be the USA's allies? Who would side with who?
What would happen if Hitler were to come back?
Has Germany’s economy ever been better than what it is now, e.g. pre WW1 or pre WW2?
What type of security did these World War II dictators have?
Why did Japan attack pearl harbor during WW2 as USA was neutral state at that time?
Was the Holocaust just Allied propaganda?
What was life in Germany like under Hitler?
What were considered the most famous/infamous or well-known military units in the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy?
How differently would World War 2 have gone if the attack on Pearl Harbor had happened in late 1942 instead of December?
When did the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor hit the news in New York City (local time)?
What was the contribution of Albert Einstein in World War II?
If the Axis were winning World War Two instead, and the situation become desperate, would the US have employed their version of the kamikaze?
If China enters a "real" war, how does that affect the world economy?
During WW2 how important was Singapore to NZ/AU and Britain?
How well trained was the average Japanese soldier/marine in WWII?
What would happen if after WW2 the four zones of Germany were imperialized by the countries controlling them?
Why did the Berlin Airlift begin its operations?
How were Karl Max’s social and economic reforms so effective that the world was divided into 2 blocs?
What did Canada do on D-Day?
How many submarine wars have been fought after World War II, around the world?
Did the West German armed forces continue to use the equipment of the Third Reich immediately after WWII?
Is it true that Churchill knew the Japanese were going to bomb Pearl Harbor but concealed it from the USA?
Under what conditions could Germany and the Soviet Union have reached a stalemate during WWII?
What would have happened if Hitler had been judged for his crimes?
If the German Luftwaffe had won the Battle of Britain, could the Nazi's have continued to Blitz England until they eventually capitulated?
If the Nazis had not persecuted the Jews - would they have been seen as the good guys against the USSR?
What were some of the most effective infantry tactics used during WW2?
What would happen if India had fallen during World War 2?
Why did Britain sign a defence agreement with Poland in 1939, despite it being unprepared for war?
Why didn't Japan & Germany pursue their nuclear agenda during WW2 in spite of having talented scientists?
Why did America practice isolationism before the world wars?
In WW2, Hitler didn't use his massive supply of gas weapons. Is it likely that in a WW3 scenario, no one would use nuclear weapons?
Can a non-Jewish person that feels traumatized by the Holocaust be entitled to be compensated by Germany?
How did the Jews respond to the Germans after the World War 2?
Why did Adolf Hitler suicide?
What was life like on the border of Spain and occupied France/Vichy, France before and after D-Day?
Why did Hitler not take over Canada?
Which combat weapon gave the greatest tactical advantage in WW2?
What if Hitler had decided to recall all German forces from occupied territories back into the borders of Nazi Germany in 1942?
What were the most reliable side arms and rifles used in World War II?
How was popular culture in the United States affected during WW2?
What are some of the unknown facts about World War II?
What was the reaction of America and its government after dropping the bombs at Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
What was the initial, immediate treatment of German non-combatant citizens like after the fall of Berlin in WWII?
What would have happened if the Red Army hadn't been purged? What would have been the outcome of the Winter War and WWII?
What would have happened if World War II had actually started in 1949?
Where would Hitler be now if he didn't commit suicide?
How did the U.S military used to choose whether a volunteer would fight on the Pacific or Europe in WW2? Did the volunteer have a say on it?
Why were there blackouts during World War 2?
Has Austria given up all its looted Nazi art?
Were Japanese soldiers allowed to keep their katana out of respect?
Did the U.S. Navy participate at all in the European, Mediterranean, African, and Middle Eastern theaters during WW2?
What were Nazi Germany's biggest weaknesses?
What would you have done to stop the World War I/II if you had been present/teleported/time travelled there with today's knowledge?
Were there alternatives to using atomic weapons against Japan?
Were the Third Reich soldiers using amphetamins during long WWII battles?
Logistical problems aside, how effective might the M6A2E1 heavy tank have been in 1945 if used against German armor and infantry?
How much was known about the oil reserves in the Middle East during WW2?
Why was China asked to occupy north of Vietnam after World War 2?
How did the German Nazis fund their enormous war effort?
Did Hitler actually attack Russia in winters? What was the outcome?
What if Germany had started WW2 later, i.e. in 1942, 1943 or 1944?
The INA trusted the Japanese and attacked the British in WW2. Was it the correct move?
What are some great military actions of European countries after WWII?
Which Russian battle during WW1 had the use of trenches, tanks, cannons and gas attacks?
Do soldiers of the JSDF have the determination of the IJA of WWII?
If D-Day had failed with 100% of the Allied soldiers dead or captured & the same thing happened at Operation Torch, could Hitler have won the war?
Why didn't German tank design, following WW2, build on previous designs made in the war?
Is there in today’s warfare an encryption and decryption arms race going on like there was in WW2 with the Enigma and the Turing bombe?
How much of a setback to the Allied cause in North Africa, was the loss at Kasserine Pass during WWII?
How did WW2 end?
How did Hitler benefit from the great depression?
Why did the Soviet Union capture U.S. soldiers during WW2?
When did the Allies find out Rommel was dead, and what was their reaction?
What are the medals and other gear on my father’s Army uniform from WWII?
Did USSR Stalin provide oil to Hitler's Nazi Germany for his Western campaign against France and the UK during WW2?
What was Stalin's plan if Moscow was captured during World War 2?
Why didn't the US enter WW2 after the Battle of Britain?
Was the murder of William "Lord Haw-Haw" Joyce an example of the freedom the Allied Forces were fighting for in WWII?
When did World War ll end, and why?
How was Hitler as a person?
Who has family members who fought in World War 2?
Why did Imperialist Japan not invade China during the revolution or WWI?
How many Jews went to America in the aftermath of World War II?
What were the strategies employed by the axis countries to recover from their degraded conditions after World War II?
How did WW2 change the world?
What would have happened if the Allies continued the blockade of Germany and didn't attack?
Your consciouness has been transfered into the body of Adolph Hitler and it is March 1, 1940. What do you do?
What are the similarities/differences between European fascism before WWII and Latin American right-wing dictatorships during the Cold War?
How have depictions of World War II changed over time in American pop culture?
What are some incidents where Allied soldiers or officers showed kindness or were good guys going up against Nazi German soldiers and the German people?
If Operation Mercury failed, then what would have General Kurt Student done? Would he have ultimately joined in the attempts on Hitler?
Wannsee is synonymous with what WW2 event?
Why did Spain keep itself out of World War 2?
What did Hitler say about how people would believe a big lie but not a small one?
How did nations around the globe change, post-WWII?
Could Australia have become a military power in the Pacific/SE Asia at the end of WWII?
What was transportation like during World War 2?
Has any soldier in WW2 fought both on the European and Asian front?
How would World War 2 have ended if Soviet Union was also an Axis Power?
Is it possible that the next world war won't end before the end of times?
What are the best WWII jokes?
Did any pilots selected to be Kamikazes chicken out by flying back?
Were there any German army groups which never surrendered?
What was life like in Naples, Italy, during World War Two?
Why is Vidkun Quisling so notorious compared to other Nazi collaborators?
To what degree is this statement accurate: The experience in WWII was similar to the experience in WWI?
Was it peaceful between WWI and WWII?
Do people in the Netherlands have resentment towards Americans after WW2?
What were the causes of WW2?
What are the long-term and short-term causes of WWII?
How did Germany manage to get out of their holocaust guilt and depression from WWII to maintain its great position it earned?
Why did Japan attack the U.S.A in WW1?
What do the Chinese think about WWII? Is it taught in schools?
Was German tank ace, Michael Wittman, killed by a Firefly or just an ordinary M4A3?
Why did Germany wait with full war production until 1943?
Where can I buy some original WW2 B-patrone rounds?
How many Americans were killed in Europe during WW2?
What would happen to the U.S. if the current nationalistic state lead to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
Who was Germany's most helpful ally in WW2?
If Hitler had been killed in the trenches during WW1, would there still have been WW2?
What do the German school history books say about the Second World War?
You are assigned to kill Hitler in the most silly way possible. How would you do it?
Where would catches of hidden German WWII weapons be found today?
Could WW2 have been prevented if Gandhi was in charge of the Allied powers?
What does the expression "people did not know because they chose not to know" mean in relation to the Holocaust?
Why did the Soviets use tanks in Berlin?
What is the aesthetic, sociohistorical, and formal analysis of this art: "I Embody Revolt," Helio Oiticica, P15 Cape 11, 1967?
Were Bulgarians considered Aryans by Hitler?
Is the news about WW3 between North Korea and America true or is it just a hoax?
What are the secrets of Hitler's charisma?
What are some things that were made/started/trace their origin to Nazi Germany?
How do you conquer the fear of death on a battlefield?
Why do I sympathize with germans for loosing WWII?
Which country won the WWII?
What makes Japan (a little country in Asia) dominating in a period of time back in WWII?
If Hitler had not attacked Russia, would he have been able to stand his ground in the west?
Why did Hitler order the Jews killing? Why did he hate them?
Is the film Mediterraneo an accurate depiction of life in the Greek Isles under Italian occupation during World War II?
How would World War Two and the years following be different if the Axis Powers had united into one country?
What is the Churchill Club?
Why isn't there any Japanese perspective on the fall of Singapore?
How would Operation Barbarossa have turned out if no countries other than Nazi Germany and Russia had been involved?
Which was the most successful tank of the Second World War?
How have industries like Coca-Cola and Hollywood helped the USA become sympathetic towards the rest of the world?
What crimes are committed by Hitler's Waffen SS?
Why should I not kill Hitler?
What German weapon or technology had the potential to win WWII but was never used?
Why would God let the Holocaust happen?
If you were President Truman, would you rather have the US army invade Japan or just drop the bomb?
Did JFK actually meet Hitler before the war?
Why were there signatures on the Fat Man bomb?
Is a manned invasion deception campaign, like D-Day, possible in the modern era given mass communication and social media?
Had WW2 not occurred, would the United States ever have became a superpower?
What are some examples of how censorship was used during World War 2?
Why is China considered amongst the victors of WWII, when they never fought any major campaign of WWII against the Axis powers?
Why were the Japanese so aggressively attacking their neighbors?
How many WWII Marines are still alive like me?
Why did Russia capture and imprison U.S. soldiers during WWII?
In what way was the Nazi Party incorporated into the German state following its transition into a single-party dictatorship?
Granted the Suez Canal cut weeks off a ship's trip from India to the UK, but why was this so vital in WWII? Why not just go around Africa?
Did the Allies fight the World War II with the intention of saving the Jews, or was it more of a power game?
Did any World War Two PoW camps have brothels for the soldiers to use?
Why did the Allies choose to base themselves specifically in Reims in Aug 1944?
How significant was Japan's wartime alliance with Germany?
How & why were the Allies able to turn the tide and achieve victory against the Axis powers (Japan, Italy, Germany) in World War II?
If the Germans had never blockaded Britain in WW1, would the US have still entered the war? Would there be a possibility of them joining the Germans?
What would the situation have been if Trump had been in politics during World War 1 and 2?
What are the best books on the role of Commonwealth soldiers in the world wars?
Why is WWII more focused on in both fiction and nonfiction historical novels than WWI?
What would happen if the Japanese were able to hold Guadalcanal?
Why did the Nazis burn so many books and destroy so many art pieces? Were they attempting to destroy freedom of expression?
How did the United States justify withholding nuclear research from the United Kingdom after WWII, despite the contribution of British scientists?
What did German WW1 veterans think of WW2?
Did Winston Churchill know about the use of drugs in the German Army in WW2?
How long did it take for the Nazi to leave Poland?
What happened to Auschwitz inmates after being forcibly marched by the Germans to other camps in Germany?
If in The Final Countdown (1980) the USS Nimitz had engaged & destroyed the Japanese strike force before Pearl Harbor, what future would await them?
How many died during the Pearl Harbor attack?
How do you feel about the phrase "The world is my guru"?
Could a WW2 radar detect a B-2 from any distance?
Were Mormons (LDS) targeted in the Holocaust?
Why did world leaders, post-WWII, feel the need to pardon Nazi war criminals?
Did WW2 soldiers reuse WW1 trenches?
Would the Japanese government still want to conquer the world if they had an army capable of doing so?
What was the decision process ahead of dropping the atomic bomb on Japan?
After the battle cruisers of the US Pacific fleet were hit at Pearl Harbor, how was the American fleet able to fight throughout the war?
What are some examples of morally good decisions the Axis made during World War II?
Do you think that the US and Russia would have been as close as the US and Japan had the Allies succeeded in invading the USSR as planned, post-World War 2?
Would the U.S. be what it is today if it hadn't been for World War II? Why?
What alternative history can I write about that is not related with WWII, Cold War, American Civil War, Roman Empire, and the Black Death?
What if a WW2 tank was filled with helium?
Is it true that the Treaty of Versailles, had it treated the defeated nations differently, would have prevented World War 2?
When did World War II really start? I'm asking because WolframAlpha stated that it started on September 3, 1939.
What would the effects of German victory of WWI on the world today?
How does Julio Pino know so much about Adolf Hitler?
Could the allies have lost the war once D-Day had been successful?
Why are there a lot more films about WWII and the Vietnam War than the Korean War?
What will happen if you left the worm inside the tank in 2 weeks covered the tank with wooden lid with a hole?
Where on the Internet can you find three minutes of John Ford's D-Day documentary?
Is there a modern successor for the Grease Gun?
Could the research being developed at Unit 731 represent a real threat to the allies?
What happened to the Germans in the 1930s and 40s who did not support Hitler? Were they imprisoned?
What was Hitler's reaction to the Hindenburg disaster?
Did the Nazis have anything like napalm? Wouldn't that stuff have done wonders to rubble like Stalingrad eventually was?
To what extent was Hitler responsible for his own rise to power in January 1933?
Would a dispatch rider be attached to an artillery battery in WWII?
Will Germany ever ask for its lost territory in WW2?
What was the actual vision of Hitler, and did he succeed in achieving it?
How many Germans were actual members of the Nazi party in 1939?
What were the main factors that contributed to Hitler’s rise to power in January 1933?
To what extent does popular support for Nazism explain Hitler's rise to power?
Can anyone compare military strength of Britain before and after WW2?
Do you think famous world war video games are the reason for the huge interest of people in Hitler and WW2?
What was a standard German WW2 soldier equipped with?
During WWII, why did the Japanese choose to use only 2 fleet carriers and a light carrier for the capture of Port Moresby, instead of a bigger carrier force?
What was it like traveling between national borders during WW1, WW2? How were things restricted and monitored?
Why did the United States go to such great lengths to restore and reinvigorate the economies of Germany and Japan post-WWII?
What are some of the most fascinating, lesser known stories from WW2?
Would the Allied troops’ invasion of France have been possible, without first conquering North Africa?
Which percentage of German people still believed war could be won at the end of 1944?
How many blacks served in WWII?
Which country suffered the most human casualties during World War II?
Is there a single, documented case of a German U-boat’s actual sinking of a ship during World War II, or is that just one more of Trump's "alternative facts"?
WWI: Which POW camps in Italy were given orders to dispose of (kill or otherwise, not free) their prisoners towards the end of the war?
What is one great achievement soldiers of your country made during WW1 or WW2 that you wish other countries knew?
If Japan had managed to sink the entire US navy during WW2, would they even been able to invade US mainland?
What were the coolest battles of WWII (excluding major battles)?
What is your opinion on the British during the Second World War, and what they did do wrong?
Did the prisoners of Sachsenhausen labour camp get identification tattoos in WW2?
How did World War 2 pilots handle G forces?
How fast can Germany invade The Netherlands compared to WW2?
Did USAAF pilots in WW2 have call signs?
How could Hitler save Germany after 1943?
What was the music during WW2 like?
Did Hitler really believe that foreign governments were controlled by the Jews?
Why were World War 1 and 2 fought? Who won and who lost?
Why was the defeat of fascism in World War II enough to eradicate fascist ideology altogether (at least eradicate it as a legitimate regime option)?
What would have happened if Hitler joined the Allies and Churchill joined the Axis?
What was North Korea doing during WW2?
What is the importance/impact of George Patton's race to Messina to understanding the WW2?
How can I convince loony leftists that the US didn't merely usurp Nazi Germany's role in the world after defeating it?
How were the Malays from Malaysia treated by the Japanese soldiers during WWII?
In Hetalia: Axis Powers, what are the Axis’ and the Allies’ names?
Did the Japanese actually build a submarine aircraft carrier in WW2?
Why did youths support Hitler and the Nazi Party? What was it about Hitler that appealed to the young people of Germany? How did they benefit?
Why would the Nazis deny that the holocaust ever happened if they are proud of what they did?
Who killed more people, Nazis or communists?
How effective were WW2 rockets on planes?
In WW2, how did Italian tanks fare in battle?
America tried to be neutral in two world wars. Will it try to be neutral in a third world war?
Was Patton a good general?
What made the "Diary" of "Anne Frank" so credible at the time it was written?
Why do many Germans feel guilty for a war they were never part of?
What was each country's best tank model during WW2?
What could have the Germans produced that would have won them the war?
Did the Nazis view the Dutch as a Germanic/Aryan people racially similar to themselves?
What have been the top 5 wars in the world since 1950?
During WWII, was there ever an account of an early German tank destroying a later Allied tank (say, a Panzer II)?
Is God trying to lessen the world's population during Summer?
If the Soviet Union had invaded Poland at the same time as Germany, would Britain ever have declared war?
During WWII, how did the IJN expect to defeat the USN when Japan had only 4 dry docks for building large capital ships?
What was the standard USSR soldier during WWII equipped with?
Which army won WW II?
What was the percentage of houses destroyed by Adolf Hitler’s Earth scourge mission during the Second World War?
What was the role of Winston Churchill in World War II?
What would have prevented Japan from going Axis in WW2?
What priviledges did the Russians have from the Chinese before WWII?
Why were there so many human rights violations during WW2?
Is it a reasonable assumption to believe that Adolf Hitler escaped to Argentina?
What percentage of Pu-239 went unexploded at Nagasaki?
What if Stalin was assassinated by the Nazis during the war with Germany?
During WW2, why did the Japanese commanders on Guadalcanal kept underestimating the number of American troops defending Henderson Field?
Where did people go to survive the attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki? What were survivors injuries like?
Is it true, that during the First Gulf War, the United States emptied stockpiles of bombs and munitions dating back to World War II?
How are military POWs treated and secured immediatley after capture?
What was the process of becoming an SS officer during the Second World War?
How could Japan (a small country in Asia) happen to be dominant during WWII, for a period of time?
If Nazi Germany were still around, how would things be?
Why is the European theater in American schools reduced to D-day and not the Eastern front which was decisive for the victory?
What would happen if the 6 day war was fought with WW2 weapons and equipment?
What should have happened to the Nazis after WWII?
Are there any pictures (when it happened) of a P-51 shooting down a Me 262?
What was the total world population before the Second World War? How many died in the Second World War?
Why do Indians support the Axis powers?
Where can I find people who will refute the claims about the Holocaust denial with no judgement?
How is the Great Depression of 1929 considered one of the reason for World War II?
How did the Nazis feel about the NKVD atrocities?
Which was a better weapon during WWII, the K98 or the M1 Garand?
What unarmed combat system was used during WW2?
What was America's role in the early stages in WWII?
Did Hitler like the British?
After the expulsion of Germans in the aftermath WW2, were any German subcultures/languages nearly or completely lost?
How are the Nazis related to the New Order?
Under the looming threat of German invasion was there ever any talk between former members of Austria-Hungary to reunite/ally before WW2?
Did fashionable trends come to a standstill during World War 2?
Would these countries have been good options to escape from Hitler during WW2: Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Britain, Sweden, Switzerland, Middle East?
It's 1940 in Germany, and you and an assassin are flung back in time. Would you save Hitler's life?
During WWII, did any Americans fight with the Soviets, in the Soviet Union, against the Germans?
Did Italy join the Nazis because they didn't get what they were promised in the Treaty of Versailles?
Do the leaders in the highest offices have any idea of the real suffering of people during war?
Why didn't Italy and Japan borrow technology from Germany during World War 2 to build better tanks?
What topics in WWII history are unfairly ignored or understudied?
What were the interpretations of Hinduism as per Heinrich Himmler? What was the rationale behind it?
What did the Berlin Airlift do?
What if Japan in WW2 attack Russia instead?
What happened to Hitler after WW2?
What are the odds for the US to fully conquer Russia, based on the failures of Napoleon Bonaparte's Army and the Germany Army in World War II?
Major General Smedley Butler wrote “war is a racket” and I have to agree it is. Why, then, does the general public believe it is necessary to have wars?
Who were the bad guys in WWII, the Allies or the Axis forces?
Given the mountainous territory of Switzerland, would a Nazi invasion have failed?
How many German soldiers were executed for rape during WWII? How many American? How many Soviets?
Is it true that the Brits (urged on by the Jews) and Russia were the ones who instigated World War II?
What movies are out there about the North African Campaign in WWII?
How would the Second World War pan out sans Hitler and the Nazi movement?
Should the US have dropped the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why is so little discussed about the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1920 and the Soviet plans to invade Western Europe?
How did Italians treat Jews at World War II?
Did Hitler ever give any thought to choosing a successor?
How were German soldiers treated by the local population when they occupied Italy 1943-45?
Was Adolph Hitler a bear or a twink?
What were ration books during World War II?
What happened to Hitler's uniforms? Where are they?
What was General Von Manstein's attitude towards the Holocaust?
Why was Leningrad under siege for so long?
Where is Goebbels’ diary and other top Nazis’ writings?
Was Italy better in WW1 or WW2?
How many people were actually hanged as a result of the Nuremberg trials? Were any women hanged or put on trial at Nuremberg?
What was the warning given by Churchill before World War II broke out?
Which countries were responsible for World War 2?
What types of planes were developed during World War 2?
How many Sephardim were killed during the Holocaust worldwide? Any resources?
In Casablanca (1942), did audiences catch that Die Wacht am Rhein and La Marseillaise are about the Rhine as a national identity marker for both countries?
Could the post-depression USA have been invaded and defeated if Germany, the British Empire, France, the Soviets and Japan helped each other?
Did the Germans know about the English Channel fuel line and Operation Pluto during WW2 and did they try to stop it?
What changes were made in the UK after the second world war?
Why didn't allies attack the Swiss if they were supplying Germany?
What if Britain remained neutral during WW2?
Is the plot of The Man in the High Castle a possible scenario, if WWII had ended with the Axis powers winning?
Were the Japanese the most vicious enemy the American Military have faced?
Would the British Centurion tank have matched the Tiger II if it had entered service earlier?
What happened to the conditions of the Treaty of Versailles after the end of World War 2?
What would Britain be like if they hadn't gotten involved in either world war?
Is the EU the Fourth German Reich?
Was Germany better off without Italy in World War II?
How would WW2 have gone if the Nazis were actually Americans?
Were there any flying tanker planes which refueled fighters during WWII?
Is it true that the author of Attack on Titan is a Nazi sympathizer and pro-Japanese-imperialism?
When was the last time that a general was in the front lines of his troops during a battle (other than by being caught in a surprise attack)?
How did the German people feel about the persecution of the "undesirables" prior to World War 2?
Where can I find a WW2 French biker duster coat in London?
What was life like on Santorini during World War Two?
Why did the US not have a separate branch for their air force during World War Two?
Did the earth cool down after the Second World War?
Did some soldiers in WWII become deaf after battles?
Why did Britain release German pilots captured by France in WW2?
Why did Churchill put so much importance to Vienna during WWII?
Who were the top 10 Soviet generals of WW2?
What was the difference between a German infantry division vs a panzer division during world war 2?
What would have happened if America had declared war on the triple alliance Powers in 1914, at the start of the war?
Is everyone who likes Hitler a Nazi?
In WWII, what version of the P-51 Mustang fighter, did the "Tuskegee Airmen", fly?
Did Luxembourg have any involvement in WWII?
Why does Britain insist on calling the World War II Admiral Graf Spee heavy cruiser a "pocket battleship"?
If France and Poland invaded Germany today, what would be the German reaction? How would the rest of the world respond?
Was the London Bridge bombed during WW2?
When the US cancelled the debt of Europe and Britain after WW2, how did the creditors get compensated?
Did the Holocaust of Jews have any major impact on the world in terms of development?
How suicidal was it to be an American spy in Tokyo during World War II?
What if England did not declare war on Germany?
In Nazi Germany what were some examples of women's jobs?
Why did the US choose to fight in Korea, when we didn’t in Germany?
Did Britain and France become a single country in 1940?
What did Mexico do during World War II?
With so many German men killed in WW1 and WW2, how well did the population bounce back after 1950?
Would America have won WW2 without the Navajo code talkers?
What was the worst thing about world war 2?
With all the deaths in WWII, has the world population recovered?
During WW2, which American general was the most respected by the German Army generals?
What was Germany after WWII?
During the World Wars (or other wars) did people from Ukraine, Caucuses and Central Asia etc fight for the Russian Empire/Soviet Union?
How technologically advanced would the world have been if WW2 didn't happen?
Were the lawyers who helped write the Nuremberg Laws punished after WWII?
Why did it take so long for the German Army to stop fighting after it was clear they had lost the war in WWII?
Who would win in a war between end-of-WWII USA and USSR vs the rest of the end-of-WWII world?
Why did the Western powers invade the nascent USSR after the revolution?
Did Australia play a more important role in WWI or WWII?
If Nazi Germany had crushed all of Europe except England, would it have attempted to invade the USA to try to knock us out?
Why were the potato masher grenades used by German soldiers in WWII never produced again?
What does Germany and Japan teach about the atrocities in WW2 in school?
What objectives were Hitler’s troops told they were fighting for pre-1939, and did that message change during the war?
Why were the Japanese and Germans allied in WWII?
Which is worse, Nazis or Daesh?
How did the Nazis play a role in the 1948 war with the Israelis?
Who declared war on Germany?
Why did Germany choose Italy as an ally instead of Russia during WW2?
Did Mk IV British cruiser tanks battle Tiger tanks during WW2?
How good was the Japanese military in WW2?
What is the current day equivalent of the famous WWII era "Liberator" pistol?
If you were a Nazi soldier in Hitler's Germany, how would you justify your actions?
Since France has surrendered, once again, how long do they have until chaos occurs in France, since they are owned by Germany?
When did the Soviet Air Force start to use drop tanks in World War 2?
How did the Germans remove Nazism and Hitler from German history?
Could today's Italy defeat WW2 Germany?
Where was the farthest the Germans advanced in WW2 in the conquest of Russia?
What kind of guns were used during WWII?
If the Allies did not exactly defeat the Nazis, how would history paint the British Empire?
Could Sixth Army have broken out of Stalingrad if it had ignored Hitler and tried just after the Russians had closed the ring?
If the US never joined WWII, would the USSR been the only superpower? How would the world look?
What if the Soviets had kept on fighting after VE Day?
Where can I get a list of Buffalo soldiers in Tuscany during WW2?
Why would Iraq become part of the German empire, alongside the Nordic countries and Austria, if the Nazis won during WW2?
Are there Neo-Nazis who do not deny the Holocaust?
Who was the Red Army in WWII?
What was the best frontline bomber during WWII?
If on May 10th 1940, by "magic", German troops were suddenly equipped with Allied tanks and Allied troops with German tanks, who would win?
Did the British soldiers fight heavily in WWII?
Can a modern US carrier be sunk with WWII era torpedoes, assuming they find their mark?
What are some quotes about the Nazi holocaust in Germany?
What role did the US submarine fleet serve in the Atlantic during WWII?
What are the effects of World War 2 on the American family?
Why did the Wehrmacht seem to have a larger variety of armored vehicles compared to the Western Allies and the Soviet Army?
How did the German aristocracy react to the rise of the Nazi Party?
After WW2, the allies made German civilians walk past photos of the horrors in the camps. They walked past laughing. Why did they think it was funny?
How did the British treat German POW during WW2?
How were the surviving German forces in the Second World War told that the war was over and they needed to surrender?
Could the British have singlehandledly defeated the Germans in 1939?
How did the Japanese treat prisoners of war in WWII?
What are the reasons for the bad British military performance during the first part of WWII?
Did people feel a similar amount of fear towards populism in Europe before WWII, as we do now?
Does Abe really want to resurrect Japanese nationalism like pre-World War times, or is this just an exaggeration?
Could the Germans have used V2 or V1 rockets to defeat the British Navy?
How was debt the reason for World War 2?
Where can I get more information about the Battle of Dunkirk that took place during WW2?
How do you feel about the Trump administration bringing up stuff about Nazi Germany?
What was the main role of the Italian leader during WW2?
Were the Germans really bad in WWII?
Did Portuguese soldiers ever meet Japanese soldiers during WWII?
Was World War II the most destructive war in history?
If Hitler didn't want to exterminate any race, would you have supported him?
Japan killed and slaughtered a lot of Chinese in WW2. What if the opposite happened in WW2?
What if Spain joined the axis in WW2?
How was Hitler stopped?
How and why could the Nazis strike a deal (economic) with UK in 1933 during Ramsey MacDonald's reign?
Could Germany have defeated Russia in WW2 if Stalin had been assassinated by a Russian?
How would WWIII look if North Korea managed to create their own empire, like the Japanese did in WWII?
Who were the German scientists involved in 'the race to build the atomic bomb'?
Could the Germans have launched a major offensive on USSR through Finland's territory in WW2?
How would the world be different if Nicholas II had never been the Czar of Russia?
Was the Rogue One battle on Scarif inspired by the Pacific theater of war in WWII?
How did they launch gliders in WW2?
Why was George Washington better than Hitler? He allowed slavery.
Is Germany working quietly on a world domination tactic through economical means?
Why did German tanks go from gray to tan colored in WW2?
How does the way countries view World War 2 differ from country to country?
Were V2 weapons used in WWII, or were they only in the development stage?
Why did the US drop the 2nd atomic bomb on Nagasaki instead of places like Sapporo, Akita, Niigata, or Kagoshima?
What was the best side arm (hand gun) used in World War II?
How were the German POWS treated by the Americans?
Was the B-17 Flying Fortress a powerful weapon in WWII?
Which human being in the world's entire history has saved the most people (e.g., Oskar Schindler, who saved 1200 Jews during WW2 by purchasing them)?
What does the recoil look like on World War II planes when they fire machine cannons?
What was the only good weapon the Japanese had in World War II?
How many wars had France lost?
Which country had the most impact in defeating the Germans in WWII?
Were any of the 442nd soldiers captured by the Germans? If so, how were they treated?
Were the companies involved in the holocaust punished for that?
What would have happened if, after WW2, USA had turned communist and the USSR had turned capitalist?
How did the history of middle ages Swiss mercenaries help Switzerland become rich and neutral in the wars that followed?
Did Albert Einstein have any influence on the development of the atomic bombs used on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why did Hitler terrorize the Jews? Was it religion or politics?
What was particularly impressive about Easy Company's assault on Brecourt Battery during WWII?
Could a company of the 506th Airborne survive the battle of Little Bighorn if they traveled back to 1876 with their WW2-era weapons and equipment?
Did Germany deserve their attack by the allies in 1945?
What would happen if Hitler return?
Are the "Potocki letters" (Polish ambassador Jerzey Potocki) genuine, e.g. the one of Jan. 16, 1939?
Why did the German army give up in WW1 even though they didn't get invaded?
Did the Hitler Youth continue with guerrilla warfare in the years after the official surrender of Nazi Germany?
Were the British plans for the defence of Singapore truly misguided?
What would have happened if Germany hadn't turned on Russia after taking Poland?
In what document/source does the US call Germany the "great(er) evil"?
How was life in Czechoslovakia during the German occupation?
Did Hitler actually do anything good?
Does Banzai have standard procedures or is it just a final charge?
Why do people still believe the Nazi myths that say the Soviet WW2 army was weak & incompetent?
Why did the Allies first fight in north Africa instead of Europe? And did the British trick them into this? If yes, how did they do it?
Were there any "good Japanese" like there were good Germans?
How hard was it to take down a bomber during WWII?
German World War 2 aircraft never seemed to have powered turrets. Why?
What were Hitler’s approval ratings during WWII?
What did Hitler plan to do about neutral countries?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
Was there ever a greater genocide of human life than the WWII holocaust?
Did your father fight the British for Germany during WWII?
What was the last city of the RSFSR liberated from Nazi Germany?
Which side committed more atrocities during WW2: the Allied Powers or the Axis Forces?
Could we avoid a nuclear World War by giving a key to each member of the UN, and requiring a majority vote in order to use them?
Where or who can help me find information about Karel Curda, traitorous member of the Czechoslovakia's resistance in WWII?
How was Germany after World War 2?
What would the Russians have done to Hitler if they caught him?
What did JFK think of Hitler?
Could the league of nations done things differently to stop Germany from starting WW2?
Is it possible that a soldier threatened a pilot with a pistol to fly back into Stalingrad to get his friends out as well?
What camo patterns did Grossdeutschland paint on the helmets in the Eastern Front?
What was the real cause of Alan Turing downfall?
Why didn't the Soviet IS-7 tank enter production and service with the Red Army?
How many drums of ammunition would a WW2 Soviet soldier carry for his PPSH? How were these carried?
Is there anyway to tell what year a WW2 cleaning rod was made?
Why, after defeating Germany, did America and Soviet Union compete to go to the Moon?
Why wasn't Japan declared an American territory after WW2?
Why did the inventors of the atomic bomb called the bombs Little and Fat Man? In what way was the nicknames for the atomic bomb different from what those names described?
During the first stages of the Battle of Midway, why did the Japanese not choose to use B5Ns or D3As for reconnaissance?
Did Hitler have an unrealistic idea of the amount of resources, troops and money he had? Why?
What was Stalin's reaction to attacking on Pearl Harbor?
What were the intelligence wars between Germany versus the Soviet Union in WWII?
How would the Soviet Union react if Japan defeated China during World War 2?
What are some veterans words that best grasp the horror of war?
What was the battle of Kursk?
Why were the Germans unable to defeat the Soviet Union?
Was the Tunisian Jewish community persecuted during WWII?
Had the Germans attacked the French Maginot Line in WW2, could they have won?
Why didn’t the Germans use their most advanced secret weapons during World War II?
What was the main reason Hitler killed himself?
If 56 year old Hitler was the leader during WW1, and Wilhelm Kaiser II was the leader during WW2, what would be the outcomes for both World Wars?
The atrocities committed by Amon Goeth in the early 40s were terrifying. Why did it not induce a sense of revolt in Jews?
Where could I find statistics on German and Soviet tank production during World War II (specifically on the Eastern Front)?
Why did England invade France during the 100 Years War?
Is there any truth in rumours that the Messerschmidt ME109 couldn’t turn hard left and could have easily been taken by the P51 during WWII?
How would the USA of today invade the German-occupied Europe of 1944?
Which single naval vessel (including aircraft carriers) of the Second World War sank the highest number of other ships (both merchant and military ones)?
What was it like for Indian soldiers fighting in WW2? Was India at threat of being taken over by the Japanese?
Was Hitler trying to restore the German Empire?
Would we have nuclear energy if the Second World War never occurred?
How common was the G43 rifle in the German army? What were the odds for the average soldier to be assigned one?
What forces did Hitler still have at his disposal immediately before his death?
Could WWII have been prevented if somebody assassinated Churchill?
What are the best WW2 movies?
How was Mexico affected during World War II?
Are there any good movies based on the lives of Russian generals (e.g. Zukov) in the World War 2?
Why were certain countries involved in World War Two?
What would the Japanese and Chinese ancestors of their World War 2-era descendants think of the second Sino-Japanese War?
What is causing the mass starvation and migrations from Africa to a degree greater than ever before in history since the end of World War II?
Why did the Japanese often experience such high casualty rates during World War II?
How different would the Middle East have been, had Germany won WW2?
Did the US become more militaristic after World War Two?
Are the main weapons systems (tanks, aircraft carriers, fighter jets) leftovers of WW2, ready to be swept away by the next conflict?
How many people died in Dresden during WW2?
When did Hitler become the leader of Germany?
Why did the Allies not copy down the blueprints for the U-boats?
Why didn't the German army after World War II name another tank Tiger?
What was it like in the French West Indies from 1940 to 1945 (the point that the French surrendered to the Germans until the end of WWII)?
If Hitler would have won WW2, we would have learned Nazi ideology in school. How do I know I'm not being brainwashed by Western ideology?
What was life like in Romania during World War Two?
Were Hitler’s armies capable of launching attacks on Britain from Ireland?
What would have happened if Hitler had mixed Operation Barbarossa with Operation Blau in 1941?
What did the Axis powers think of New Zealand troops during WW2?
When did Dr. Bunsaku Arakatsu become president of Konan University in Kobe, Japan?
How did Poland get liberated from the Nazis?
To what extent did Sean Spicer's Hitler comment (Assad’s use of poison gas worse than Hitler) harm his job?
What would have been the outcome had Hitler captured Moscow?
Who do you think the best general, admiral, and air marshal of WWI and WWII were, and why?
What kind of small arms would a member of the British navy have had during World War 2?
What was a staff sergeant in WW2 and how did their responsibilities differ from other kinds of sergeants?
How did the Allies and the Axis coordinate such a huge war effort?
Did the Japanese High Command try to place the Emperor in House Arrest to prevent Japan from surrendering right before the end of World War II?
What order were World War 2 planes classified in according to the pilots?
What if we dropped a huge atomic bomb, with a blast radius the size of all atom bombs before the fall of the USSR on Japan?
Does the Japanese government include Hitler’s “Mein Kampf" in the Japanese schoolbooks for Japanese children to copy Hitler, the idol of Japan?
Why was the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp created?
During WW2, which Soviet general was the most respected by the German Army generals?
What were the main reason why Germany entered World War 2?
Was Hitler's mind weakened in the end due to his heavy drug injection?
If WW2 and the Nazis had never happened, how technologically-advanced would we be now?
What if Soviet Union attacked Germany first in WW2?
What should Hitler and his General Staff have done to save the 6th Army at Stalingrad?
How much resistance could the Japanese have realistically put up to an American invasion of the home islands?
What if Italy's military had been on a par with the other world powers during WWII?
How likely was it for civilians to be hit by AA Flak during WWII?
If you landed on D-Day as a rifleman what was your chance of surviving until VE-day?
Why weren't the USAAF B29 Superfortresses or B17s camouflaged during WW2, like their British counterparts?
Which of the two World Wars do you like to learn about the most?
What problems did Hitler face while ruling over Nazi Germany as its dictator?
How did the US’s neutrality change as WWII events unfolded?
What would happen if tanks extended world war 1, instead of ending it?
Are there any sex slavery groups, like the Jugun Ianfu for Japanese soldiers, in Germany occupation, especially for German soldiers?
What did the Germans think of the P-51?
Did the Polish mind their country being shifted westwards after WWII?
Theoretically, if the Axis Powers won WW2, how would technology have progressed in their timeline compared to ours?
Who would win in a fight, WW2 Italian best forces or the Ottoman army from the 16th century?
Why was the west so kind to Germany after the end of World War Two?
Who treated their captives the worst in WWII, Germany or Japan?
Who would have won Operation Sea Lion?
What if Spain, Portugal and Turkey all joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1300-HP Kinsei 54 double row radial engine?
What happened to Poland during WW2?
Why are so many Red Army memorials kept in such good condition in Germany while many German WWII memorials look very old and decayed?
What were Hitler's political beliefs?
What if India split from Britain before WWII?
How would a regular German soldier in Stalingrad have reacted to Hitler's speech in Stalingrad on 8th November, 1942?
If Hitler hadn't done the Holocaust, would leftists still have ganged up on him and driven him to suicide?
What are some fashion facts about World War 2?
Is it possible to see when a text I sent was read?
What are some books on war strategies and World War II?
What are some mind blowing strategies used in world war 2?
What's the difference between Mussolini and Hitler?
What was it like to be a Japanese American during WWII?
In your opinion, who would you say was the better battlefield tactician, Col. Hal Moore or Major Richard "Dick" Winters?
How did WW2 affect America's Great Depression?
If France was among the losers of the WW2, then why was SC permanent membership granted?
Was the Polish-Soviet war one of the main reasons why the Soviets invaded Poland in 1939?
When did German commanders realise that Normandy was the main invasion site and there would not be a second invasion at Pas de Calais?
After WWII ended, what was the percentage of the US population that were combat veterans?
Did the majority of British conscripts in WW2 not see front line action?
How would you rank the three Axis leaders (Hitler, Mussolini, and *Tojo/Hirohito) from worst to best?
Did Hitler think that what he was doing was actually right or did he knowingly do evil?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
How were the Nigerians affected by both World Wars?
Who were the important people in the Second World War, aside from Adolf Hitler?
Can you show me a timeline of World War II?
Why were the British caught so unprepared for war at the onset of WW2?
Why didn't Stalin join the Axis alliance during WW2? Was it because of Japan’s opposition?
How did communism influence alliances in World War Two?
If the Me 109 had drop tanks in the BoB, could it have changed the outcome?
If the US had not defeated the Nazis, would the Soviets have?
Did the last Amish families disappear from Germany during World War Two?
Did Sean Spicer indicate that he was unaware that Jews were gassed by Hitler?
If Hitler hadn’t declared war on the U.S. after Pearl Harbor, would FDR have been able to convince Congress to declare war on Germany and Italy?
Did Switzerland declare war on Germany right at the end of WWII? I was told they did, but I can find no evidence.
During the ceremonies in Japan devoted to the memory of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, why is the USA never mentioned as being guilty of the tragedy?
Should Germany even still exist as a nation, after having done something as bad as the Holocaust?
Were gay men who had survived Hitler's concentration camps put back into prison by West Germany?
When did Himmler realize that World War 2 was over?
Did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Why did Lebanon declare war on Nazi Germany?
What if Germany had retreated to the Alpine Redoubt in the final days of WW2?
Did the Soviet soldiers get R & R or leave during WW2?
What were people seeking in the mass migrations to suburbs in the post-World War II era?
Who are the deniers that say the Holocaust never happened?
Why didn't the Japanese invade Russia in WW2?
Why did Hitler choose the swastika as the Nazi sign?
What were all the islands Japan invaded in WW2 or at least a majority of them?
How did the US find allies during WWII?
What happened to U.S. and German diplomats after war was declared in 1941?
What was the first image of the Holocaust?
What was like to live in rural areas in the United States during the 1940s?
Why did Japan not make war on the USSR at World War II?
In World War II were soldiers grouped based on skill? Would they group a bunch of unskilled soldiers to be used for cannon fodder?
What was Hitler's opinion of Romania?
Would German cities like Hamburg, Berlin and Cologne be more attractive for tourists, if they would not have taken the damage of the second world war?
Did all Nazis hate Jews? Was there a law saying that you had to treat the Jews badly, or did all Nazis hate Jews?
Using modern medical technologies, would it be possible to save the World War II general Nikolai Vatutin from death?
Why was Hitler against communists?
Do Americans regret the nuclear attack on Japan? If not, how would you feel personally if you had been attacked by it?
Is there proof of Allies’ speculation to join the Nazis after they defeated the Russians at Kursk?
If Germany’s losses after WW1 and WW2 were applied to the US, what would the maps look like?
How were trenches used differently in World War 2 compared to World War 1?
Would nuclear weapons still be invented and used in World War II if Albert Einstein never existed?
What was the most effective camouflage pattern in WWII?
What would Germany's economy look like if it had won WWII?
How many German males died during World War II?
Was there a plan for a second Russian/Soviet homeland in case the Germans won and enacted Generalplan Ost?
Was it right to put Japanese-Americans in camps during WWII? Was there a real danger coming from their community?
Why doesn’t the Chinese secret government agency send their agents to Japan to kidnap and arrest WW2 war criminals just like the Israeli Mossad did?
How long was a medical degree in the UK during WWII?
Why didn't the Germans just kill all Jews and others who arrived at a concentration camp right away so that there could be no camp survivors?
What are some facts about France during World War 2?
Is admiring Hitler wrong?
During and immediately after World War II, what was the public's view on Hitler? Was it anything like it is now?
Why did the Dutch Navy fight with the Allies (e.g., in Indonesia) but the French refuse?
Can you give me a quick conclusion of WW2?
Why is Winston Churchill revered for his prescience regarding Hitler but derided by intellectuals for his revulsion of Islam - both are totalitarian?
How did Germany revive from WW2 faster and continue to perform better than other European countries?
What would have happened if the French fleet which was docked in Toulon, had fallen into German hands in 1942?
What had India gained after the end of World War II?
Why were the Nazis so obsessed with Norse mythology?
What if Italy remained neutral in WW2?
Did Germany make it harder for malicious dictators to take over the country after WW2?
Can India ask England to pay for the losses it faced due to the 'Raj' like Germany was made to pay after World War I and II?
How was life in Austria for an average citizen during the German annexation (the Anschluss)?
If the Allies on D-Day wore body armour, built to modern-day standards but using the available technology, how much would it have weighed?
Is there a detailed list of Chinese national treasures looted by Japan during World War II? Will they be returned?
With it's imperialistic mindset, was England able to obtain and keep any new territories for the British Empire after WW2?
What would have happened if Italy had attacked Switzerland in 1942?
What would have happened if Japan had declared war on Great Britain and sent its Navy to Europe and Africa during World War II in 1939?
During WWII, did the USA have sufficient forces to make a landing at Okinawa instead of Peleliu and Morotai (and later Leyte) in September 1944? What would probably have been the outcome of that action?
How badly wounded did you have to be to be considered WIA in the Red Army in WW2?
Were there people in occupied France during World War II that would never have come into contact with the Third Reich?
If any country tests a nuclear bomb, the whole world is against it. But why wasn't the world against the USA when they bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How many countries went independent after the 2nd World War?
Does war promote or hinder the development of the world?
How did the Norwegian royal family escape from German occupation during World War 2?
How would a modern day Nazi soldier look like?
What was the relationship between the two world wars?
What are the best books for studying the history of World War I & World War II comprehensively?
Is the world on the verge of the second Cold War?
If Panther Tanks could be used after WW2, how would they upgrade?
What was Japan’s perspective during WWII?
What would WW2 look like, with the same circumstances, but with today's technology?
How could it have been possible for the SS to have used Zyklon-B to gas the Jews in WW-II?
Were there any unsuccessful technological developments in Nazi Germany which could've helped them win the war?
How did WWI and WWII start?
You have to cross a WW2 field with enemy troops in trenches. You have one overwatch character to protect you. Who will it be?
What did German civilians do to the Holocaust survivors in WW2, when they met them face to face? And what emotions did they have towards them?
Is there undeniable evidence that Hitler was responsible for death of 6 million Jews?
What happened to the Rothschild family during WW2?
Did Spain and Portugal participate in WW II?
Does China still have concentration camps for thought crimes?
What are the modern implications in today’s society of the dropping of the atomic bomb WWII?
What were some post-World War II changes in the United States?
Did the allies have any high ranking Nazi informants?
Why do many people fail to see that Iraqi people as a nation didn't cooperate with the Americans during the invasion as the Japanese did after WWII?
How was Hitler childhood like?
If the US had invaded Japan in WWII, would it be seen as the defining US contribution to the war instead of D-day? If so, how would it be remembered?
What was in Admiral William Halsey's mind when he recommended Admiral Raymond Spruance to lead Task Force 16 at the Battle of Midway?
To what extent was the U.S. declaring war against the Axis in 1941 inevitable?
Why did the Soviets take American and British POWs back to Russia and put them into the Gulag?
How were Liberty ships built?
Is it true that, for the most part, American World War Two combat soldiers were sent home right after the war and were not part of the occupation?
What is the most recently declassified information about World War II?
If the Allies didn't pitch in, would Stalingrad have been taken over?
Why did the Italian Air Force, after showing what it was capable of in the Spanish Civil War, either collapse or become irrelevant in World War II?
What would happen if the US had a modern defense system against the Pearl Harbor plane attacks?
Is there any WW2 German anti armor weapons that could face an M1 Abrams?
How did life in Japanese-occupied countries compare to life in Nazi-occupied countries?
Were flamethrowers used on the Western front in WWII?
What would have happened if Poland had joined Axis or Comintern (Soviet side) in WW2?
If WW3 were to happen, which countries would remain neutral?
What characteristics define rationing WW2?
Why did Nazi Germany start the North African Campaign?
If the Nazis and Japan had won WWII, would they have succeeded, or would they have even tried, to invade the US?
What inspired you to pursue World War 2/History?
How many Holocaust survivors came to the USA?
Could Italy have started World War II instead of Germany?
Did British casualties in WW2 start reaching WW1 levels following the D-Day invasions of June 1944?
Why didn't the Japanese destroy the Panama Canal after Pearl Harbor to delay reinforcements from the Atlantic?
Why were children evacuated during World War 2?
Did any Mexican combat units see action in WWII?
Are Muslims today the new Jews of pre-World War Two?
What would have happened if Hitler had not died?
What are Japanese children taught about Pearl Harbor?
Where does Marine Le Pen really stand with regards to French participation in sending Jews to the concentration camps?
What would Europe be like today if WWI and WWII never happened?
If we have a Holocaust Remembrance Day, etc., why isn't there any observance to mark the victims of Soviet Communism, namely victims of Lenin, Stalin?
The T34 is regarded as the greatest tank design of WW2, but does its bad equipment ruin the vehicle regardless of its excellent design?
Were Austrians proud when Hitler became chancellor of Germany?
What happens when a Soldier in the Military falls asleep on duty in a war zone?
What would happen if the Soviets lost at Stalingrad, Moscow and Leningrad?
Why were NAZI coins not called in and melted down during the Allied "Denazification" initiative?
What happened to Nazi SS officers after the world learned about the Holocaust?
If you were Adolf Hitler's wife, what would you say to him before he would make war?
Did the US really want to get into World War 2?
Did Hitler want Britain to be his ally but Churchill ruined the chance?
How was Rommel an excellent general and person?
What was life like in Sicily during World War II, before the Allied invasion in 1943?
During WWII, were there any known soldiers/units who participated in both theaters (European and Pacific)?
If you replaced Adolf Hitler and rose to power of supreme leadership of Germany, how would you fight WW2 and win?
Why did a lot of Nazis hide out in South American countries after WWII?
Can you compress all of World War II into a single year?
What would the world be like if your kids knew how they were made?
If Hitler had won WWII, would he have punished Spain for not fighting?
What percentage of Nazi Germany's War Machine was funded by stolen Jewish goods?
What group of soldiers in what circumstance experienced the most horrific suffering in WW2?
What if Japan defeated the US in WW2?
What were the Japanese plans for India if they won in WW2?
Could Germany have won the war in the eastern front had the US not provided aid (Lend Lease) to the Soviets?
What was Japan's motive for attacking the USA on Dec 7, 1941 (Pearl Harbor)?
Did Hitler just had a soft spot for Great Britain that's why he didn't invade it?
Why do most people ignore that during WW2, more Jews were saved in France than in any other Nazi-occupied country?
What would happen if Nazi Germany had Iron Doom, SAM, and THAAD at once to prevent the Allies’ air raids in WW2?
Why is Israel the centre of attraction(main reason) in both WW1 and WW2? Will Israel again be the reason for WW3?
How did diplomats travel during the Second World War?
How close did the Japanese come to invading Australia?
How many German settlers in Texas were kidnapped by Comanches?
Did World War II give the British Empire a "noble" end?
Which are the best documentaries to watch on World War I and II?
Why does the West always deny that the Soviets made the biggest effort to win World War 2?
What would have happened to Western Germany if the threat of the Soviet Union and Communism wasn't so strong after WWII?
Was D-Day the day most Americans died?
What would have happened if Britain and France didn't appease Hitler and increased their armed forces to rival Germany? Would it have prevented WWII?
What were some of the racial/social reasons that caused the Japanese and Japanese Americans to be sent to internment camps?
During WWII, when did Japan start to produce the 1560-HP Kinsei 62 double row radial engine?
What if the Teutonic Ordenstaat survived to the modern day?
If you shouted 'Heil Hitler' in a crowded area, what would happen?
Could the Japanese Americans in WW2 get out of the internment camps?
How many times did the Allies break the WW1 Central and WW2 Axis powers’ codes?
Why was Soviet Union accepted by the Allies when they had a pact with Germany during the early stages of WWII?
In WWII, before the "Battle of The Bulge", was there an American officer, who tried to alert their superiors to what the Germans were up to?
Which were worst, the Soviet Gulag or Nazi extermination camps? From what I heard, Nazis were worse, because victims were killed almost instantly.
Which modern gun can outmatch the WW2 800mm Schwerer Gustav?
Why didn't the US drop atomic bombs on Manchuria as a warning to the Japanese, the Soviets, and Chinese Maoists during WWII?
Why didn't the Allies attack Russia, after conquering Germany in 1945?
Why did so many empires fall shortly after WW2?
Did Japan ever agree to a neutrality pact with neighboring countries in WWII which they honored?
Did Ultra help to save lives during the Blitz?
Would you rather make Tadashi not die in Big Hero 6, or make World War 2 never happen?
What did US politicians hate more before World War 2, communism or fascism?
What would have become of Spain if the Axis had won WWII?
Are some WWII firearms still effective today?
Could America's entire modern police force defeat any military during WW1 or WW2?
Who was better at bombing the other in WW2, Britain or Germany?
What role has the United States played in East Asia's regional security since the end of World War II?
What was Germany's growth rate during Hitler's reign after World War 2?
Was the Blitzkrieg really that effective? Wouldn't the Allies have found other ways to overcome it?
Did the 201st fighter squadron do well in WWII?
Why did the USSR in World War 2 have women fight in the war?
What species of animals were used during World War II (except for dogs and pigeons, obviously)?
How​ would brand-new WW2 Carrier-Aircraft handle conventional and catapult launchers on today’s carriers?
What if Hitler invaded the UK and succeeded?
Did Hitler really find The Great Dictator movie funny?
Does Russian history acknowledge collusion between Nazi Germany and the USSR before 1941 or is it an inconvenient truth?
What was the last thing Hitler ate?
What did the Nazis think of Germans who were white, not slavic but had brown hair?
If you had to choose between being a random German soldier in operation Barbarossa, which army group would you choose? North, Centre or South?
What were Hitler's plans after victory for Slovakia and Croatia, because they were Nazi Germany allies but also they were Slavic states?
Did the U.K. or the USA give Germany false information so that Hitler would attack Russia?
Why did the US government provide personal security to Einstein?
What are some negative attitudes towards the German WW2 reenactment community?
Why did the Soviet Union withdraw from Manchuria despite defeating Japan in WWII?
Why does everybody talk about going back in time to kill Hitler? If we were going back in time to kill Charles Darwin, we would have no evolutionism, no Hitler, and no atom bomb.
How many men could the US have conscripted in WWI and WWII?
Could it be said that the USSR supported Nazi Germany at the beginning of WW2 (for its own purpose)?
How influencal was Dr. Todt to Hitler concerning technological matters?
What would have been the effect of first strafing runs on enemy ships and then bombing runs during WW2 naval battles?
What was the major cause of India's independence, World War II or Gandhiji's efforts?
What were the axis and allies in World War 2?
What was the main cause and reason of the First and Second World Wars, and who was responsible for these?
What would happen if Germany, after defeat in WW1, collapsed and then erupted in civil war like in Syria today?
If Germany won WWII and got into a Cold War with the USA, could something like the Sino-Soviet split happen between Italy and Germany?
What do contemporary Japanese students learn about the cause of WW2?
What do you like in Hitler’s personality, and do you think he did something right?
If Hitler had been successful in Case Blue, would he have won the war?
At what point during World War 2 did the Nazis occupy the most territory?
Is there a problem with Nazi glorification in the modern German army?
How could the Nazis kill so many Jews?
Let's rearrange WW2 with Germany, Italy and China vs the USSR, the US, the UK and Japan. What happens?
If Hitler saw Russia today, what would he think?
How many Jews would have died if the neighbour countries would have taken them all in, instead of sending them back?
Is it possible that Nazi Germany made UFOs and traveled to the moon?
Would Britain or most country allies remain neutral in a war if it was deemed too dangerous?
What was the role of Spain in World War II?
Are there any firsthand accounts of World War 2 soldiers’ encounter with the Panzer VIII Maus and what they said?
Why did Hitler declare war on USA, when Japan started war with USA?
Why did US WW2 Paratroopers not do up their helmets?
Why is the man wearing two watches in the raising of the red banner?
During the Second World War, why was mass hand-to-hand combat rare in the European theatre but common in the Asian theatre?
In the James Bond universe, did SPECTRE cause events like WWII to happen through manipulation or even famine?
What were the aggressive steps Hitler took between 1938 - 1941?
Had the world community let Japan keep its SE Asian conquests plus the island nations, would it still have started a war with the USA back in 1941?
What was included in a K ration during WW2?
How did women’s roles change during WWII?
How well did the US military perform in World War II?
Should I be still protesting about not going to Germany due to the Nazis?
What happens if we drop an atomic bomb into a volcano?
How would WWII been different if Britain and France never opposed Germany's invasion of Poland and Germany did not ally with Italy?
Apart from World War I & II, which war has influenced international politics the most?
How were Filipino soldiers and civilians treated by the Allies in World War II? How about the Japanese?
What was life in London like during the German occupation in WW2?
What made Ravensbrück different from other Nazi concentration camps?
Why are there a lot more memorials for WWI rather than WWII in Southern France?
Why did Hitler never conquer Caucasus first to secure the oil fields and then take Stalingrad as a second priority?
What were WW2 food rations like, and how did they change for both sides as the war progressed?
Why didn't the Rothschilds and Warburgs save the Jews of Germany during the Holocaust?
Do you feel Hitler achieved his goals even by losing the war?
Did the Soviet Union really propose to Nazi Germany to become an Axis Power in 1940?
Who were the champions of World War II?
Was there such a thing as gei pāti (gay parties) in Japan during the World War?
To what extent could war be a solution?
During World War II, how important were the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to the Japanese economy and military? What are their parallels in, say, today's USA?
Why didn’t Argentina ever join the Axis Powers in WW2 to take the Falkland Islands from the British?
What types of military cooperation did the Japanese and Germans have during World War II? Were there any weapons or tactics that they shared?
What would the world in 2017 look like if Germany had won World War II (total victory on every front)?
During the era when the U.S. had a military draft, were volunteers and conscripts treated differently?
Why did Hitler kill so many people?
Why did the Nazis want to exterminate the Roma?
How significant and known were the Brazilian expeditionary efforts during WW2?
How important was supplying the Russians with war materials to the success of Russian troops during WW2?
Why does the human race tolerate the evil communism that killed over 20 million people, but not the national socialism that killed six million?
Which international incidents since World War II fueled international incidents such as treaties, exit strategies, elections, and war?
How much did Hitler know about the Holocaust?
How was India involved in WW2?
Was there any colonial empire that actually grew stronger after World War II?
In the history of modern warfare, why is it that the generals of WWII are the most glorified/famous?
What was life like in Slovenia during World War Two?
Why did Hirohito join the Axis powers and went to war if he was thought of as a peaceful leader?
What was the role of propaganda during WWII?
Can a large aquatic mammal set off an anti-ship mine or a depth charge?
How much of an advantage did the British gain during WWII thanks to the invention of the sonar?
Why did the Germans kill 6 million Jews in WWII?
What was Hitler's attitude toward black Africans, and did he send them to extermination camps?
How did the British contribution to the war in the Pacific compare with the American to Europe?
If the Wehrmacht had been given free will by Hitler to do absolutely everything it could to hold the front after Stalingrad in 1943/44, could they have held on?
How exactly was the United States coerced into fighting against Germany in WWII? Can somebody explain that to me?
How did the Republic of Ireland react to British planes and ships in their territory during WW2?
Were new (towed) anti-tank guns developed after WW2?
Who would win in a fight between WWI Allied Powers and WWII Allied Powers?
Why didn't Leningrad civilians just run to the Germans?
What are some little-known facts about WW2 tanks?
What are two decisions made at Potsdam and their consequences?
Why are German WW2 U-boats not named?
What was Venezuela’s role in both World Wars?
How and why did the European nations lose control of their colonies in Africa and Asia after WWII?
How do I know if I have Hitler's signature?
What could be a good topic question and 3 sub questions of a historical essay on Enigma during WWII?
How was the Battle of Berlin similar & different to Stalingrad?
During WW2, what was the Nazis and the Fascists attitude towards Ustashe and the NDH state in Croatia? Did they made things harder for Hitler?
Did most people in Ireland want Britain or Germany to win World War II?
What do you make of anonymous's latest warning about WWIII?
Why did America retaliate when Pearl Harbor was attacked?
Despite controlling the sea, why were the British not able to cut supplies to Rommel's army in North Africa during WWII?
Who was the greatest American since WW2?
How was the Luftwaffe created in 1933-1935, before the official announcement?
What might have happened to America if they remained an isolationist during the war?
In 1944 why didn't Warsaw Ghetto Jews and Polish Uprising merge their efforts? If Jews and Poles of Warsaw revolted same time, Nazis would be defeated
In World War II, why were surrounded forces easily destroyed?
Is it just me or does the Royal Air Force (RAF) uniform look like the World War 2 German Wehrmacht uniform?
Is it true that most of the footage of the D-Day landings was lost?
Why do German people still excuse and pay to victims of Holocaust?
When was the last time World War II era guns were used in combat?
Were WW1 cemeteries maintained in France and Belgium while the countries were occupied by Germany in WW2?
How did early World War II submarines find any ships?
How would the world be different if the UK had allied with Germany during WW2?
Did Hitler want Britain to ally with Germany?
How different would it have been to serve aboard a WW1 and WW2 U-boat?
What if the German army was reawakened during the Battle of Berlin?
If the Wehrmacht had been given free will and Hitler would just have been a public figure while they fought WWII, how would WWII have played out differently?
Did anyone openly defied Hitler and got away with that?
Are German WW2 casualty statistics accurate?
Why did Germany order the invasion of Yugoslavia?
What if the Germans had invested a lot more resources in the intelligence sector?
Do the bravest military units tend to also be the most ruthless?
Who started WWII?
What nation sacrificed the most during WWII?
How would Tsarist Russia fare in the position of the USSR in WWII?
Did the Nazi invasion of Denmark come as a surprise, or had the Danes expected it for a long time?
What did veteran German tankers from WW2 think of the Leopard I MBT?
Did more people die in the Holodomor than the Holocaust?
Did Patton really say we should team up with the rest of Germany & put an end to Stalin who was just as bad as Hitler?
How many Indian soldiers lost their lives trying to protect Singapore during World War 2?
Following the failure of Operation Market Garden, what operations did the Allied powers launch to thrust into German territories?
How many M1 Abrams would it take to destroy a Ratte?
Why didn’t the Japanese Imperial Army attack China’s Communist Party headquarters in Yan'an from the air during the Second World War?
What was the diplomacy of war during World War 1 & World War 2?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
If Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany again in 2017, what would he do?
Exactly at what moment immediately after WWII did the USSR start distrusting the Allied Forces (the US, the UK, France, etc.)? Why?
What was the response of the survivors when Israel became a nation again after going through the horrors of the Holocaust?
In WWII, which occupied country had the greatest resistance to the Nazis, Poland, Greece or Yugoslavia?
How far behind would the US have been if the British had not shared their jet technology during WW2?
What did Hitler say about the Yalta Conference?
How did the Jewish partisans keep kosher during WWII in Eastern Europe?
Is there a shady American benefactor/s that make massive profits from restructured industries in Japan and Germany after WW2?
Were there any hunters of Japanese war criminals later in the 20th century, similar to Nazi hunters?
What impact did French leaders have in WWII?
During what event/war was the U.S. army most powerful?
What was life like on Cyprus during World War Two?
Wouldn't it be easier for Hitler to capture another strategic point at the Volgograd and to destroy Stalingrad by air?
How come the US didn't send troops to the Soviet Union during World War II after Nazi Germany invaded?
Why were Soviet troops looking for scientists near the end of WW2?
Why do some people believe Hitler did nothing wrong?
Who actually defeated Nazi Germany, America or the Soviets?
In World War 1; why did the countries continue to fight, even though soldiers and leaders from both sides knew the war was pointless?
Would there have been any computers or a space age without World War II?
Did any survivors of Nazi death camps get compensated or apologized to?
What are the influences of WW2’s impact on the environment and ecosystem of wildlife and nature on the entire European continent?
Why did Britain and France join WW2?
Was the Third Reich a version of Plato's Republic?
Did the D-Day landings occur during high or low tide?
What was the worst concentration camp?
What are some heroic tales of World War ll soldiers?
If the Japanese were already having their own way in the Pacific then why did they attack Pearl Harbor? Did they really feel the need to do that?
Why hasn’t Russia ever been conquered？
Why were the nuclear bombs dropped on Japan and not on Germany in the 2nd World War?
What was the likelihood of a Japanese invasion of the U.S. West Coast after Pearl Harbor?
How survivable would an A-10 Warthog be during the Second World War?
In WWII, would a Regimental Signaler be in the field?
Which major European country did Japan defeat in 1905?
What did we learn from both world wars that allowed us to avoid a third world war?
Were the British soldiers' uniforms government issued during World War One?
Why were German cities and towns so decimated by aerial bombing during WW2?
How were the Germans able to bomb England for so long?
What issues arose with mortgages during wars such as WW2 and the Vietnam War?
How did Hitler become a dictator of Germany when he didn't even get food and was homeless like a beggar before joining the army?
Who was the best sniper during WW2?
Was it in any way scientifically justifiable to kill Hitler's children on the chance that they might grow up to be like him?
What was life like for expelled ethnic Germans after WWII?
If D-Day hadn't happened, would the Allies still have won the war?
Would it have been possible for the Allies, mainly the US, to attack and defeat the USSR immediately after World War II as George S. Patton wanted?
Did Japanese soldiers use their katana in WW2?
Should the stigma be removed from the swastika?
What did Americans think of the Japanese during World War 2?
Why did men back in WWII enroll for war even though they knew they would likely find death in the clash?
Why are people so obsessed with Hitler and the Nazis?
Did the Nazi SS have anything to fear in WWII?
Is Leopold II another version of Hitler?
Who deserves the real credit for the surrender of the Nazis during WW2, the Red Army or the combined US, British & Canadian forces? Why?
Who is worse, Hideki Tojo or Adolf Hitler?
What can you say about the Filipino resistance movement in World War 2?
Why did Hitler not launch a full scale attack with Wehrmacht on Dunkirk?
Were the Imperial Japanese worse than the Nazis?
Why did the Japanese lose World War II?
Why is Austria sometimes not seen as a victim of Nazi Germany?
Why was Salò chosen as capital of the Italian Social Republic in 1943?
Is World War Two still going on?
How many divisions did the Red Army have in 1945, compared to the Germans?
To what extent was World War II a good war?
What was Britain's role in the Atomic bomb?
Are there any things to love about Hitler?
What would be the outcome on WW2 be if the Cavity Magnetron had been invented in Germany not Great Britain?
Do soldiers today study the actions of World War 2 as part of their training?
How did the Germans transport Allied POWs?
What font did the US military use in World War 2 era documents (an example is in the details)?
What would have happened if Germany had colonies in Asia & Africa during the Nazi regime? Will have they been wiped out or will Germans make up stuff?
Why did Germany change the colors of their flag after WW2?
What percentage of the population of the major countries taking part in World War 2 served in combat and non-combat roles for the war effort?
Could the Nazis have come up with a better economic policy in 1933? If yes, what would've been the main components of the policy?
What are some of the weird weapons and equipment from World War I you find interesting?
Is blaming the Holocaust and WWII exclusive on Hitler wrong?
Is there a military helmet of WW2 that can be used nowadays?
If Germany had the same resources in manpower, oil, and materials as the Soviet Union did between 1941 and 45, would Operation Barbarossa have been successful?
What are the best books to read about the World Wars?
How much longer would the Nazis have needed to finish fortifying the D-Day landing beaches sufficiently to repel the Allied invading forces?
How did Russia lose so much soldiers, more than Germany, and still have a strong standing point in WWII?
Did Adolf Hitler commit suicide or was he assassinated?
What was Germany like after 1945?
Did any religious wars lead to the threat of nuclear holocaust, like the secular World War II did?
Do we have any proof of Hitler's suicide?
What would have happened if America had replaced the UK in World War I?
Why did the socialist and union movements in the USA before WW2 disappear, leaving the country relatively right wing, while those of Europe continued?
How would WWII have changed if operation Case Blue had been a success and the Germans had captured all the Caucasus oil?
How do Germans today feel about murder, theft and kidnapping of Germans by the US during and after WW2?
Which side during WWII had the best vehicles?
Does the world want another Hitler?
Do you regret that Americans saved the French during WWII?
Why are we not saying that we are in the middle of a world war when the scale of destruction and death is so high?
Why did World War II soldiers eat so much candy?
What were the causes of Germany’s attack on France during World War II?
What if the USSR went to war with the US, after WW2?
Did any of the Allied leaders (minus Stalin) know about the gulags during WWII?
What would you do if the Axis forces turned out to be the good guys?
Do you believe WWII was orchestrated by the USA to weaken other countries and emerge as a world leader?
Why was Hitler so good?
Are there any American soldiers who died in the Vietnam War which consist of big brother and little brother in one same family?
What are some of the greatest conspiracy theories about World War 2?
What if the D-Day Invasion was a bar fight?
Who would win, a modern jet or a WW2 prop plane?
Would it have made a difference if the German war economy was geared into total war at the start of World War Two like Speer implemented in 1942/1943?
Why was not the "circle of sun" (called 日之丸 in China) banned in Japan after WWII?
Why did the Soviets get massacred at Narva 1944?
How did Switzerland remain neutral during World War II?
Did World War II cause the post-war baby boom, or was it bound to happen?
Would Japan have won WWII if they never resumed the Sino-Japanese War after Manchuria, and instead focused on the Soviets and Southeast Asia?
What do Japanese today think of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto?
Did Hitler have an intimate relationship with Eva Braun?
When did the U.S. government know about "The Final Solution", the extermination of the Jewish people, during World War II?
Did the Japanese during WW2 have spies in Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, like Germany did?
Who was Japan's prime minister in WWII?
What was the defeat of the Axis powers?
How much did the Holocaust cost Nazi Germany?
If D-Day had failed, would the US have used the atom bomb on Germany instead of Japan?
Why couldn't the USSR defeat Finland in WW2?
Why does the WWII Me-163 Komet have a service ceiling of 12,100 m when it has a climb rate of 160 m/s at that altitude?
What positive results came out of WWII?
How do WWII-era flak rounds from an AA piece work?
How much is a WW2 MG42 sight worth?
In the two world wars, were there some mechanisms at work to allow sons of upper or middle class families to serve as officers, and not simple soldiers?
What happened to the national debt of countries that were overrun during WWII? Were they responsible for this debt after the war was over?
Did hopelessness help during WW2 in the Soviet Union?
What are some events that happened during WW2?
How many hundreds of thousands of Soviet soldiers were captured by the Germans in the many battles in Soviet Union?
What nation was hurt the most by Hitler?
If Hitler saw Germany today, what would he think?
Is the world alright when war victims have to apologize and pay damages to their aggressors?
What country practiced the most brutality during WWII?
How were soldiers discharged after World War II? By mail? In person somewhere?
In WW1 and WW2, did people ever get telegrams like MIA or KIA wrong?
Why did Arabs oppose Turkey during WWII?
What was the shooting power of some of the guns used during WWII?
Would World War 2 have happened if World War 1 hadn't happened?
Why did the US justify Japanese Internment?
How did Germany go from a third-world country neck deep in debt to a technologically advanced global superpower in World War 2?
What would be the standard equipment of a WWII US Paratrooper?
Is it true that the first generation of Hell Angels members were WWII veterans? And why did they make this gang?
Which battle ended Germany's chance of winning WW2?
When did you first become interested in World War 2 history, and why?
What was life in the trenches like during WW2?
Is there any proven fact and evidence of Hitler massacring millions of Jews in the concentration camp?
What were the torture methods used in Auschwitz?
Unexploded WWII bombs are still found all over Europe. Have explosions happened due to disintegration before they've been located (since the war)?
Did Germany use any computers at the WWII?
Why was the USA to blame for the Cold War, taking into account their behavior at the peace conferences at the end of WW2, and the actions taken in Germany?
What are some good histories of the role of finance in war?
Who were some important people during World War 2?
Were the axis forces really the good guys?
At the end of WW2, Soviet troops liberated Manchuria from Japan. Why didn't Russians stay in Manchuria instead of giving it back to China?
What is the original name of Hitler?
How did Germany economically developed even after two world wars?
Why is Britain routinely assessed as a plucky island nation and not a vast imperial power in the histories of WWII?
What was it like to be a GI Bride after the Second World War?
How did World War 2 start?
Were the Western allies in Europe before D-Day?
Why did Hitler feel it was important to sign a non-aggressive pact with the Soviet Union before invading Poland?
How did Hitler help Germany out of unemployment?
How did the atomic bomb affect the people and life in general in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How were Friden Flexowriters used during World War II?
What would have happened if Italy hadn't surrendered in World War 2?
Were Japanese soldiers good to the civilians of their captured colonies in World War 2?
What German post war programs could my grandfather have been in?
If Hitler had never existed, would the Nazi party never have existed, and WWII never have erupted?
Is it true that Japan treated American prisoners of war badly during the Pacific war?
What was the most unreliable gun used in World War 1 and World War 2?
What was the smallest battleship used in World War II?
Why do some historians consider the Battle of El Alamein as a major turning point to World War II in Europe?
In WWII, are there any stories about soldiers who die in the same place their fathers did in WWI?
Why do English-language alternate history authors write mostly about the World War 2 and the American Civil War?
Why did so many foreign people voluntarily join the SS?
If Leon Trotsky was a general in the Soviet Union how would he deal with Operation Barbarossa?
Why does it seem to be the case that the British Army in World War II had access to fewer submachine guns than did the Wehrmacht, the Red Army and the US Army?
What were some survival tips on the front lines during WW1 and WW2? How are they different now?
How relevant is Karel van Wolferen's "The Enigma of Japanese Power" in 2017, compared with 1989 when it was first published?
Why didn't Nazi Germany open the western front at the end of WW2?
What was the percent loss of Finnish territories agreed in Moscow 12. March 1940?
Was the Italian Campaign a waste of time for the Allies?
Who are the best WW2 fighter pilot aces?
In WWII, what were soldier/general/etc. ranks and what were their jobs exactly?
Is it Adolf Hitler or Adolph Hitler? Are they the same person?
What was the first country to gain independence after World War II?
What did the world look like during World War II?
Was Pan-Germanism part of the ideology of the Nazi Party?
How many casualties on the ground are directly attributed to machine gun rounds from air combat in dog fights and large bomber formation defenses in WW2?
What would happen if aliens came during a world war?
Why didn't Iceland occupy London after the UK was defeated during the 1970s Cod War?
Why didn't the Allies invade southern France and move east into northern Italy? Wouldn't this have made the invasion of southern Italy unnecessary?
Did Nazi Germany ever try or discipline any of its own troops for mistreatment of civilians or prisoners?
If the Japanese didn't have the resources to replace losses, why did they try to invade so many places?
Why did Italy have such a bad performance during WWII?
How many European Jews fled to Jamaica in 1942 to escape Hitler’s army?
Why do some of the most adversely affected countries from the outcome of World War 2 hold the strongest economies today e.g. Germany, China, Japan, Korea?
What was the purpose of the little blimps you can see during the Normandy landings?
What is the story of Hitler?
Is a world war guaranteed this century?
How would WW2 have played out if Germany were an island in the North Sea?
Were the Flying Tigers during World War II mercenaries?
I am black and admire Hitler a lot. Is it not normal?
If Hitler hadn't existed or wasn't healed by a medic, who would have replaced him, and would WW2 have happened?
Was Hitler's Aryan race even achievable?
Who manufactured Nazi bayonets?
How did Bolshevism benefit from outside influence during WWI?
What evidence is there to suggest Adolf Hitler escaped Germany?
Was killing Admiral Yamamoto justified?
How were the inexperienced US Marines able to inflict such disproportionate casualties on the Japanese army in the Guadalcanal campaign?
How would've WW1 and WW2 been had there been no oil in the Middle East?
Would the Axis have won WWII if Japan did not attack Pearl Harbor and Hitler did not attack Russia?
What were the effects of WW1 and WW2 to wildlife?
Did Germany have any historical ally?
What ended U.S. neutrality in WW2?
Why are Hitler and the world wars discussed so much on Quora?
Did the Germans make an effort to be better-behaved in their occupation of France and Belgium in 1940 than Germans had been in the 1914?
What would've happened if the Americans joined the Nazis?
What was the importance of Pilsudski's Intermarium in the geopolitical organisation following the Treaties of Paris?
Is it true that the T34 was built in the United States during WWII as a help to the Soviets, so they could beat the Germans?
Why didn't the United States initially join WW2?
Did Siam join the Axis powers in WW2?
Has any work of fiction, or alternative history, ever been written, postulating the legal prosecution of Hitler at the Nuremberg trials?
Would Katyusha rockets be effective today?
What was entertainment like in WW2?
Is Japan able to invade ASEAN by building large warships, like it did in WWII?
Will World War Three happen in 2017?
Why would someone be awarded a Bronze Star for their participation in World War 2?
In which wars has Germany or its Germanic predecessors been on the right side?
If Hitler had the "Tsar Bomba" in his arsenal, how would the world be different today?
How come the Russians didn't care about throwing their country folk lives out fighting Germans in WW2?
How were prisoners of war treated during the Prophet's time?
What made Canada’s Army so effective in both world wars?
How did the American soldiers' experience on returning from WWII compare with that of Soviet soldiers' experience?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
Are there dates or ways to tell when a WW2 German hood sight/cleaning rod was made?
Was allied leadership in WW2 effective?
Were there any popular non-propaganda movies made in Germany during the Third Reich?
Did the German Army ever reach Red Square during the Battle of Moscow, and if so, when?
What if, in WW2, China obliterated Japan and the USA just forget about that war and did not do anything to help the outcome?
Were WWII American soldiers buried with the uniform they wore at their time of death?
How well would Japan's army (from WWII) fare against China in 2017?
Which Soviet generals were in Turkey during the War of Liberation (1919-1922)? When were they there and where were they?
What were some circumstances of friendly fire during WWII?
British Typhoon units at the closing of the Falaise Pocket had a high rate of blue on blue fire. Was this also true for American CAS?
What songs could be used to describe the countries in WWII?
How did World War II affect French politics and society?
How would WW2 turn out if mid air refuelling were already a thing?
Were there actual cases of SS or Einsatzgruppen soldiers who flat out refused to obey their orders?
In Band of Brothers, what really happened at the Siege of Bastogne?
How close were the Allies to failing on D-Day?
Why did Hitler join the German Army?
Were there any battles between Nazi Germany and its former allies?
Is it true that Hitler first supported Christianity and later opposed it?
What was the exact procedure for getting a crashed Spitfire onto a Queen Mary trailer during WW2?
How many Hitler sympathizers are there in the world now?
How many soldiers were killed after May in 2014?
How were World War I and II caused?
The Manhattan Project was a tightly-held secret. Does that mean that no journalists suspected that the Americans were working on a "fission bomb"?
Are the alleged German atrocities in WW2 true?
Does the hairstyle of Adolf Hitler still exist?
How did Hitler, Stalin and Mussolini use propaganda to keep their power?
What did the Germans think of Hungarian and Romanian soldiers during WW2 on the eastern front? Are there any instances of them working together?
After the Pearl Harbor attack, why did the US wait for three years before attacking Japan?
Why did India support Britain, during World War 2?
How effective was the 88 in WW2?
What would have happened had the US used fire-bombing instead of nukes to obliterate Hiroshima/Nagasaki ?
Were there any Americans in the Wehrmacht?
After France’s capitulation in WW2, how much did the French resistance do?
My friends and I were discussing the best weapon from World War II. What is your opinion?
How did the AAA work on WWII ships?
How did the USSR terrain differ from the Caucasus to the Baltic at the time of Operation Barbarossa?
What is a list of three to five (3-5) international incidents since World War II where America has taken on a policing role?
Who would win, James Howlett from World War vs Captain America from World War 2?
How did the people in the USSR react to winning WW2?
Do you think Britain saw her finest hour during the Second World War?
What would have happened if the Nazis had implemented the forced and total assimilation of the Jews?
Have Hitler's bones ever been DNA tested to prove they are really from Hitler?
After WW2, why did Germany and Japan go on to become economic powers, while Russia/China pretty much self-destructed?
What would happen if Nazism and Fascism spread throughout the world?
How did Hitler's experience in WWI shape his viewpoints after the war was over?
How does the German bombing of Belgrade on April 1941 parallel the German bombing of Guernica, Spain on April 1937?
What was life like in Tripoli, Libya during the Second World War?
Why did the British Army name one of its primary tanks of the Second World War after Oliver Cromwell, a regicide?
What are some of the most heroic moments of Nazi Germany?
In the colonial times, Spain was a superpower, how did Spain lose the status and end up going neutral in WW2?
Apart from David Twohy’s Below (2002) are there any other horror movies that take place during World War I or II?
How do we make synthetic gasoline like Germany did during WW2?
Had NSDAP Germany not attacked the USSR, would the USSR have conquered western Europe in the 1940s-1950s?
What are the three problems that Latin America faced after World War II?
What is arguably the best tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
What are the most secret weapons from WW2?
Who was the most badass veteran from WW2?
To what extent should the U.S. have employed atomic weapons against the Japanese to end World War 2?
What would the outcome of WW2 have been if Trotsky, and not Stalin, had been the leader of the USSR?
If the Russian revolution had never happened/failed and Russia remained Imperial, how would Hitler have interacted with Russia in WW2?
What does Jon Davis think about how many Germans view and treat veterans and soldiers?
Do you think that Katie Hopkins wasn't actually referring to the Final Solution of the Holocaust?
Was there any contact between Axis and Turkish vessels in the Dodecanese/Peloponnese areas during World War Two?
How did Holocaust prisoners feel about their fellow prisoners?
Do students from countries not involved in WW2 learn about it in school?
If mainland Britain had surrendered in WW2 would the Commonweath have fought on?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
What does Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like now?
Why do Fascists think they are superior when they lost the war against the inferior Communists?
How do you explain that it’s only after WW2 that UFOlogy has appeared?
Is the MOAB as powerful as the nuclear bombs dropped on Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
Do the German and Japanese school systems teach students about the atrocities their countries committed in World War 2?
World War 2 happens and the US only has to focus on Japan. How fast would the Pacific theatre be over?
Which nuclear bombing was worse, Nagasaki or Hiroshima?
If theocracies are so bad, how come the Crusades didn't give us the atom bomb like a World War between secularist states did?
What was the Japanese immediate reaction to American Occupation?
After WW2, the UK almost decided against developing a nuclear bomb on economic grounds. Would the UK be economically better off today if they hadn't?
Why did France get off easier than Finland after WW2?
What interests did the US have in China and Southeast Asia in the 1940s?
What were the available jobs for women in WW2?
How many Nazi soldiers fought in World War II?
Did America kill the spirit of Japan in 1945?
What were the Nazi death camps?
What was the biggest miscalculation of the Axis in World War 2?
Who were Merill’s Marauders in WW2, and what was their principal role?
Was the treatment of the Japanese living in the Americas during WWII justified or an unjust act of discrimination?
How were the Japanese treated in the internment camps during World War II?
Could General LeMay have used nuclear weapons on his own authority as Command of SAC after WWII?
Why did the Allied Navy fight in the Java Sea in February 1942?
What would happen if soldiers were ordered to fire on allies?
To what extent was the Japanese invasion of China justified in WW2?
Why was the USS Constitution awarded a World War II Victory Medal?
Why was the post WW2 Macedonia created?
Were WWI veterans eligible for the WWII draft?
Why didn't the Allied forces do more to punish war criminals in WW2?
Was the USA already an economic superpower before WWII?
Why did Nazi Germany invade the USSR in such a hurry? German generals seemed to prefer any invasion to be in 1945 at the earliest, didn’t they?
Could Hitler have won the war?
Were there any other strategies beside the Blitzkrieg that German could have used in WWII?
Does the smoke from guns in a battle become a issue after a few hours?
If Nazi Germany had a small battalion of modern MBTs, could they have won WWII?
During Stalin’s reign in WW2 millions died. In the present day Putin declared war on Ukraine (Crimea only) and repeatedly bombs Syria for political leverage. Has he become a dictator?
If the West hadn't given up the Czechs and they resisted the Nazis, would the Wehrmacht have deposed Hitler?
What did the French expect the Germans to do in World War II?
Did penicillin develop due to WW2?
Do American soldiers sometimes get special treatment due to fear of the U.S. when they are captured by enemies, as compared to other countries’ soldiers?
When will Germans get over their Nazi/WW2 guilt? It's been over 70 years, but “don't mention the war" still seems to be a thing.
Was every German soldier during WWII a Nazi by definition?
Should the USA have invaded Britain for not stopping Japan from attacking Pearl Harbor?
How good was the Red Army in late WW2?
Do you think the Third World War is happening now?
What do communists think of Hitler as a person?
With as late a start date as possible, what can you do to give the Axis powers a victory?
Mr. Rynerson, I value your opinions. Can you tell me why was there such a delay in helping the Jews in WWII?
Does Germany deserve all of the blame for world war?
What was it like for you fighting in WW2 or having a loved one fighting in the war?
Why is it that when people talk about WW2, they often say that Russia and America won the war? What about the UK?
Do you believe that Manstein could have brought the Eastern Front to a stalemate after Stalingrad if not for OKH's mistakes?
Were there any German prosecutors during the Nuremberg trials?
What was Hitler’s next plan after being defeated by Stalingrad in the Great Patriotic War?
How can the average person best remember the tragedy and horror of the Holocaust?
Which country had the best ground-deployed air defence in WWII?
What is the story of the Second World War all about?
What treaties did the US make with its allies during WWII?
Was the Wochenschau of August 23rd 1939 (showing ethnic German refugees) real or staged?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
How are large caliber anti-aircraft guns aimed?
How did WWII help pull America out of the Great Depression?
What were the general arguments for and against using atomic bombs to end World War II?
Had Roland Freisler survived the Second World War, would he have defended himself at Nuremberg?
During WW2, who bombed first, UK or Germany?
If you could go back to 1943, swap places with Hitler and have his appearance what would you do?
What countries benefited the most during the World Wars? What countries were harmed the most during the World Wars? Why?
What was the most effective weapon of WW2, in terms of damage/casualties?
With so many Soviet soldiers and civilians having died in WW2 and the horrors of war, why seemingly is Russia more militaristic now than 15 years ago?
What would the Second world War have been like if Hitler's goal was the complete extermination of the French people?
Where is Schwerer Gustav (an 800 mm German railway gun) now?
In the Western economy after WW2, which generation of people has the most luck at being the wealthiest?
What was the level of German presence in Italy in 1940-43?
Would punishing Germany more after WWI have prevented WWII?
Were airmen given weapons in case they were shot down during World War 2?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers? How?
Were there trials and prosecutions of Confederate leaders after the US Civil War (like there were after World War II)? If not, why not?
How did the war on the eastern front differ from the western front?
How was the situation in the Central Africa colonies during WW2?
Did Germany change their political system after WW2?
What would have happened if Germany had gone through with Operation Sea Lion?
What do you know/think of Karl Haushofer's influence on Hitler in general and on writing the “Mein Kampf”?
What was Benito Moussolini's take on the treatment of Jews by Hitler's Germany?
Did Hitler's eugenics programs have any lasting effects on the German or occupied people?
Is it fair to say that French WW2 history has been instrumentalized by many French politicians?
Why did Hitler kill the Jews before attacking Europe? Wouldn't it have been less resource-consuming if he’d waited till after?
How much land of the German empire was given to Poland exactly after WWI and WWII?
Did the landing craft from the Normandy invasion have any malfunctions?
Did Hitler have intentions of declaring war on Britain?
What if Canada had joined the Axis in WW2?
Did the Confederacy kill more Americans than the Nazis did?
What are some interesting and important WWII sites to visit when on a trip to Europe?
Why did Great Britain choose not to set up a conscription before WW2? Was it fair to its allies?
Was the Manchurian offensive the primary reason Japan surrendered to the allies?
How did the Battle of Leyte Gulf affect the course of WW2?
How successful was the German Army during WW2? Are they over-glorified?
During WWII why did German doctors heal enemy soldiers?
What could have been the one step that would have stopped World War 2?
What was it like in Russia after WW2?
Are battleships sunk as post war "targets" ever explored?
Following WWII, why was decolonization influenced by economics?
What would a US carrier group do if they detected two World War 2 ships battling it out?
How exactly did Nazi Germany get so powerful so quickly?
Why are the most well known facts about the WW2, spread by everything from movies to comic books, all about the Jews? Because they are chosen people?
How did the French military compare to the Germans in 1940?
Why did Christian Günther allow British Agents to examine and transport the wreckage of the V2 "Bäckebo Bomb" from Sweden to Scotland in 1944?
What were the shipbuilding programs of USN, per year, just before and during WWII?
Why did Hitler think the Slavs were not Aryan even though they spoke Indo-European languages and looked similar to Nordics?
If the US had 9 GBU-43/B and dropped them in 9 Japanese cities in August 1945 including Hiroshima and Nagasaki, would the Japanese have surrendered?
Would you read a World War 2 family trilogy or just want a book that spans the entire war and the family's life during the war?
Why was the German army able to defeat the combined armies of Belgium, France and Britain in six weeks in the Battle of France?
Why does Hollywood portray German soldiers as buffoons when it is a well-known fact that Germans had the highest tactical freedom at the NCO level?
How useful would dive bombers and ground attack aircraft from the Second World War be in the War on Terror?
Who funded the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development, which operated from WWII until the 1980s?
What was the wavy pattern found on German tanks in WWII?
How does the German people of today live with what their people did in WW2?
Why was there no 'Treaty of Versailles' upon Germany following WW2?
Why did Hitler never allow evacution of the Courland pocket?
During the Second World War (WWII), did the Allies have a plan B if the Normandy landings turned pear-shaped? Would they have nuked Berlin?
Did tank crews in WWII ever personalise the inside or outside of their tank?
How did Hitler save Germany from the hyperinflation?
Why no one talks about Gulags? And how were they different from the Nazis’ concentration camps? I've read Gulags were even worse, is that true?
What is the truth about Adolf Hitler? What was he fighting against?
Why Netaji meet Japan prime minister in WW2?
What is the science behind atomic shadows during the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki? How did these shadows form initially?
What are the real reasons behind America and the West becoming the leaders of the world after WWII?
What would the world be like if Nazi Germany simply settled with taking over all of Europe?
Why did France surrender during WW2 without fighting?
Why did no one except for the British adopt unguided anti-tank rockets mounted to the sides of AFVs during the 2nd World War?
Were there Americans who objected to the USA going to war with Japan after Pearl Harbor?
How strong were the Nazi German soldiers as compared to the French?
What was the Battle of Berlin?
What role did Hitler have in World War 1?
Did the French have an opportunity to prematurely end WW2 during the Saar Offensive?
How does it feel to be tortured by enemy forces?
After World War II, did the allies give any serious consideration to backing a restored Hohenzollern monarchy?
Was Ferdinand Porsche ever tried in the Nuremberg Trials? He did contribute extensively to the German war effort and was a Nazi party member.
Do you think that CoD WWII is inappropriate/insensitive?
Were Japanese soldiers more disciplined as compared to the American soldiers?
If you could go back in time to tell Hitler one sentence that would help him win World War II, what would it be?
What was the most successful tank destroyer for the US in WW2?
Is it true that the only British infantry used during the Battle of the Ardennes was the 6th Airborne?
Would the Polish paratroopers deployed at Arnhem had made a difference had they been instead deployed in the Warsaw Uprising?
The United States dropped two atomic bombs on Japan to end WWII. Nowadays, why are Japan and the United States allies?
Why did the U.S. and U.K. agree to the Soviet Union occupation of the Baltic countries at the end of World War II?
Why did Italy declare war on France and Britain?
What would've happened if Nazi Germany had had the same resources and manpower as the Allies?
What is the biggest jump in rank in Spanish military history?
Did any subject of Unit 731 survive to talk about his or her experience?
Why was the USA not charged with war crimes for bombing the innocent people of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Where can I get a list of Supermarine Spitfires in North Africa during 1944–1946 in WW2?
Would the Nazis have won World War 2 if they had the resources of America and the USSR combined?
What should I know about the Battle of Buxar?
What would've happened if Stalin was the one who broke the Nazi Soviet pact?
What was the impact of World War II on India’s economy?
What are some good sniper stories of WW2?
Could the Germans have established a good supply line through the English Channel?
Are Nazi soldiers justified in saying they had orders?
What allowed Germany to have such revolutionary military leaders during World War 2?
What do Jewish WW2 survivors think of people watching documentaries on the war?
Would the Japanese have attacked the US if the Pacific Fleet had remained in San Diego?
Why are so many Pinback songs named after pivotal locations of WWII?
What percentage of houses were destroyed in Germany by Hitler?
Where can I watch a full World War 1 documentary with good quality?
What does Eduard Limonov think of Adolf Hitler and Nazism?
How was economic revitalization important for the rearmament of Nazi Germany?
When invading the USSR during WW2, did Germany's front line constitute of only the portions of land with roads?
Are World War II films with German villains more popular because Westerners are distrustful of modern Germany and the EU?
In WW2, if Germany decided to make aircraft carriers, would they have won the war?
What does it mean collecting dead soldiers locket in WW2 movies?
We have had two World Wars. Is a third possible?
What were the living conditions in the German concentration camps?
What key battles did the Waffen-SS fight in?
What was going on in South and Central America during WW2?
What foods were rationed in WW2?
Did the United States betray Japan in WW2 by suddenly embargoing their oil after being their sole providers?
Could Germany have won World War II if they had just focused on building their early successful tanks, like the Panther and the Panzer 4, and had just focused on invading Russia instead of taking down France and all of the Western countries?
If Germans would have captured Stalingrad and Moscow would they have pushed further east?
How would you compare the death of Hindenburg to that of Yuan Shikai?
What would the world be like now if China had colonised the world during the Dynasty era?
If the Russian Empire never fell, but gained back all the land it lost in WW1, would it have won the Second World War?
Did the Germans try to bomb British radar towers during World War 2?
Have Europeans been resigned to German domination since 1940?
Was it possible for Germany to negotiate a better peace treaty if USA didn't get involved in WW1?
Why do many Eastern Europeans dislike Stalin even though he defeated Nazi Germany and helped millions of Russians escape serfdom with communism?
If Germany had won WW2, what movies would they have made to show their successes?
If China had adopted democracy after World War II, how differently would it have grown by now?
What was the real reason Rudolf Hess flew to Scotland during WW2?
What’s the use of tying a bandage around the stock of a rifle? Why do people do that?
What role did Myanmar have during World War II?
Is the Japanese zero fighter overrated?
How do I find Hitler's followers online?
What was life like on the border of German-occupied Greece and neutral Turkey during World War Two?
What if the Japanese managed to sink the US's aircraft carriers at Pearl Harbor but not the battleships?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
How did the Soviet Union emerge from WW2 as a superpower after all the devastation it suffered?
During WWII, in Russia, was all the scrap metal from destroyed tanks, etc., melted down and reused as the Soviets pushed the Nazis back to Germany?
What if during WW2, the US disguised some of its bombers as Italian supply planes?
What was the earliest moment that the allies knew they would win the war?
Why did Germany and Japan believe that they would be able to defeat Allies (after USA joined WW2)?
How much was Nazi Germany's war effort impeded by its administration?
How long would it take for the modern US military to win World War II?
Was the draft of WWII enforced on homeless people in the U.S.?
What would have been the outcome had Roosevelt not given in to Stalin's territorial demands after WWII?
What were/are the typical post war poverty foods in Albania (i.e. after WWII)?
How were bunkers made in WW1 and WW2 on the front lines?
Which books of fiction couldn't have been written without World War 2?
Are Great Britain and France responsible for the declaration of WW2? Why is the blame just on Germany?
What if the Atomic bomb was created way before its original time - during the Great War?
Was Lewis Brereton the unluckiest or most incompetent commander in WW 2?
Will the US ever be more liberal like the rest of Europe after WW2 or will it take a similar event?
Who are the top five Hitler's?
What role did the Soviet Union play in WW2?
If World War II was a bar fight, how would it go?
Did being rich matter during World Wars 1 or 2? Which jobs were in demand?
During WWII the Nazis wanted to exterminate most Russians and slave what was left of them, so why are there so many neonazis in Russia these days?
Just how much military equipment was abandoned by the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) during the evacuation of Dunkirk?
What are the best sight seeing in Europe for WW2 nerds?
What is the worst tactical maneuver made by either the Allies or the Axis powers?
Who was more evil: Adolf Hitler or Josef Fritzl?
Why then did Hitler manage to threaten Europe with another World War? Why did leaders follow a policy of appeasement with Hitler?
What are some good WWII essay questions for high school students?
In WW2, if a bomber crashed with the bombs still in it, would they all explode?
How many American WW2 veterans are alive today?
Did Hitler become more parliamentary towards the end? And how did he get rid of all parties?
Can you summarize WW2?
If Field Marshall Erwin Rommel survived the war, would he have been found guilty at the Nuremberg trials?
If the Germans had seized Moscow in 1941, how would it have affected the Leningrad front?
Do atheists ever wonder whether World War II and now right-wing populism and Islamist thugs are God's judgment on Europe for embracing Charles Darwin's evolutionism and rejecting Christ?
What are some good books about world war 2 that actually describe war front violence stories?
If Neville Chamberlain had forgotten his umbrella in Munich and had to return for it would WW2 been averted?
What is the post 1945 order?
What happened to the Swedish ambassador, Raoul Wallenberg?
What are positive effects of WW2?
What do you think of the Palestinian support of the Nazis during the Holocaust?
If the Germans had the atomic bomb in 1943 after Kursk, could they have forced a peace treaty and who would they have nuked first and where?
What would have happened if the British had been defeated in North Africa during WW2?
If Nazis were not anti-semitic, how many Jews would support them?
Why doesn’t anyone acknowledge that Japan vowed to ruin the US economically after the US dropped the bombs?
Do Israelis and Jews acknowledge Nanking and Project 731?
Did the US M41 Walker Bulldog fight Tiger tanks in WW2?
If the Axis had triumphed in El Alamein, The Battle of Britain, Stalingrad and Midway, could they have won the war?
In this day and age, is it possible to stop a world war before it happens?
Would China have become a colony of Japan if the latter did not attack Pearl Harbor and the US did not enter WWII?
In 1940, Great Britain brought on mainland Europe only 10 divisions to fight the Germans. Is this a case of serious betrayal?
Did any Allied soldiers marry German women during or after WW2?
Why didn't Britain annex Heligoland after the Second World War?
Why didn't radar detect the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor?
During WW2, did Spain give shelter to Jews fleeing Hitler?
How many divisions (Army/Marines) did the US have in WWII?
What would the world look like today if Hitler had not attacked Poland and left it as a buffer state between Germany and the USSR? But what if he still attacked the West?
Would a change in foreign policy in 1933-1934 by Nazi Germany have helped them win the war?
If you were sent back in time to kill Hitler before he did any harm, but he was only six years old, would you do it?
Could WW2 have been won without the US?
If Hitler had not mistreated the Ukrainians and other peoples of Soviet Union, could Germany have conquered Russia?
After the Allies broke through the lines at Normandy during WWII, did they march all the way to Germany?
How many rounds are estimated to have been fired in total in WW2?
What are the effects of the atomic bombs that have been dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki today?
What would happen if the Nazis won Stalingrad?
What was the composition of Panzer Group Kleist during the invasion of France (May 1940) in World War II?
There were thousands of tanks rendered inoperative or destroyed in WWII. What happened to all the hardware?
Was the German invasion of the Balkans in WWII really necessary?
How did the landlord class in Germany fare out after the defeat in WW2?
What was it like to have sex with Hitler?
Did soldiers in WW2 wear a Hitler moustache?
Was dropping two nuclear bombs on Japan that killed nearly 100,000 people when US was so close to winning WWII a war strategy or a weapon test?
Was it possible for Hitler to invade and conquer the Soviet Union during the Second World War? If yes, then how?
Did the Soviet Air Force play a large role in World War II?
What's with Mick Rory and Nazis?
Why do some people respect Hitler and the Nazis?
Do you think any Japanese Soldier stayed on in Singapore after the surrender?
Are there still Nazis (neo nazis) in Germany? What parts of Germany would you find them in?
What was the primary purpose or function of the Bund Deutscher Mädel during WW2. Did they offer any real type of contribution?
Was there a battle to retake Singapore during WW2 or did Japan just abandon it or surrender?
Did all American allies agree with using the atom bomb on Japan to end WWII?
Why did the British leave India all of a sudden, even after they won the Second World War?
Is it safe to say that the Germans won WW2 and it was the Nazi party that lost?
What would happen if one or more of the three superpowers transitioned their economy to a WWII-scale war economy, if they refused to explain or stop?
During World War II, did some soldiers automatically enter the army as officers? What qualified a soldier to get this rank?
How do I obtain blueprints for World War 2 tanks and artillery guns?
How much shorter would World War II have been if Operation Market Garden was a success?
What were the chief aspects of the Nazi party platform in 1933 that won over German voters, effectively ending Germany's republic?
What should Hitler have done to win the Battle of Kursk?
Which cities were more valuable for the Germans to take, Moscow, Leningrad, Stalingrad or Kiev and why?
Why is the world talking about a WWIII when there are clearly no two big parties (it's just NK vs the world)?
How hard was it to emigrate from the Soviet Union before World War II?
Why didn't Stalin save his son after he got captured by the Germans?
What if the Essex class aircraft carriers were commissioned earlier to the Pacific theatre?
What exactly did the Nazis in Germany and Austria believe in?
What have we learned from the Second World War?
What if Germany had had some F-15s during WWII?
What if Japan had modern weapons from right now in WW2?
What is the Immortal Regiment march in Russia?
What are the best troops of WW2?
Do Nazi fans resent Japan for attacking Pearl Harbor, resulting in the US participation in the war?
What time was it when King George VI gave his Sept. 3, 1939, speech about the declaration of war on Germany?
What was the relationship between Japan and Australia pre-World War II?
Which country contributed the most to ending WW2, the US or the UK?
How did the US and Russia end up against each other, even though they fought the Nazis together?
How did the Allies get the full casualties of the Holocaust?
How can you describe the US economy during WWII?
Were Germans proud of their obvious military technology advantage during WWII?
Which are better, magnesium or thermite bombs?
Did any soldier hide during WW2 only to emerge after the war?
Is Emperor Hirohito demonized in Asia just as Hitler is demonized in the Occident?
Would Germany have fared better if it entered a total war economy in 1939?
How effective were WW2 anti-air (AA) guns?
What was the biggest battle in World War Two?
What's the difference between the SS, the SD and the Gestapo, and what did they do?
Did Hitler's regime build the first motorways?
Do you have photos of a stuka with his 1000kg bomb?
Have you any first hand stories your grandad told you about combat in WW2?
Would the Philippines enjoy a similar status as Puerto Rico if it was not occupied by Japan?
How would WW2 have been affected if all of Germany's logistical problems had been solved?
What are some modern AFVs that look nearly identical to WW2 AFVs?
If the US had used an atomic bomb against Germany in World War II, which city would they have chosen? Weren't most of them already destroyed by 1945?
Was there any hostility between China and Korea before WWII?
Did anyone ever serve in the American Civil War and WWI or WWII?
What is the best way to serve the world?
Is there a documentary of the period between World War 1 and World War 2?
What was the historical significance of World War 1 and 2?
Why were Hitler’s speeches so appealing?
Despite winning two world wars and colonising most of Africa, Asia and North America, Britain and France are not as strong as Germany economically. Why is that?
Was speed or maneuverability a better asset in a World War II fighter aircraft?
What major decisions should the Third Reich have made in 1933-1935 to help them win the world war?
How would the world have turned out if Germany had won the World War 2?
How long would World War 2 have lasted if France had not fallen and remained free from German control?
Would have Imperial Germany ever existed if Napoleon had not looted germanic states?
Why are Nazi officials so much more fascinating to me than Allied leaders?
What would happen if USA used an atomic bomb against Soviet Union in WWII?
How was China's society after World War 2 changed because of the Nanjing Massacre?
How did health insurance work in German-occupied territories during World War Two?
Did the Japanese have any knowledge about the American atomic program before the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima?
If you were a French policeman when the Nazis took over, would you have carried on and helped round up Jews, as many people did?
Why does Hollywood always make Holocaust, World War II, or Black Struggle (1960's Civil Rights era) movies, every year?
Why didn’t the Third Reich use chemical weapons against the Soviets during or after the invasion of 1941?
What was the most advanced tank of WWII?
Is it true that Koreans were a big part of the Imperial Japanese Army that invaded the SEA region?
What principles of war can be used in the battle of Stalingrad?
Could Andrew Jackson have prevented WWII?
In America, why exactly are communism and fascism frowned upon by everyone? Is this attitude reflected in other countries around the world?
How can people actually believe that the Holocaust didn't happen when there's so much evidence and still survivors alive?
What is the impact of the OSS in World War II?
Did Germany pay any fines or financial penalties after WW2? Did they pay for any of the damage that the Luftwaffe caused to Allied countries?
For a WWII novel, why would a German 18-21-year-old man possibly be living in England or the US so that he speaks English and can be enlisted by the SOE?
What did Hitler do with his power?
Did the Luftwaffe use any Japanese planes in WW2?
What was the best aircraft the Japanese had in WW2?
What did Stalin think of the Holocaust?
What does D-Day refer to?
Why did US need to support the Soviet Union in WW2?
Why did Operation Typhoon fail?
How do I trace the whereabouts of my grandfather's WW-II veteran navy colleague who emigrated to Israel from India in 1948?
If WW2 were to happen again, but the world is in the same state as it was in 1939, but had modern equipment, how would it go?
What are the death rates by country during WW2?
What was the ''pretext'' for Hitler's Jewish massacre?
How would the world look like if the Nazi Germany won WWII?
If you were a Nazi during WW2, trying to help someone cross borders, would you wear your uniform (as a fear tactic) or change into civilian clothes?
How did the Japanese feel when they lost in World War Two?
It's June 1st, 1944. You are in command of the German troops in France. Could you stop the D-Day landings?
Why did Japan choose to attack Pearl Harbor, and how didn't they realize that that wasn't a very smart move?
What were the economic, political, and social consequences of the Second World War?
Did the Serbians have a nationwide soul searching after the Bosnian War, like the Germans or the Japanese did after WWII?
What campaigns did the US contribute to in WW2?
How did WW2 as a whole impact the systems and functions of the Nazi concentration camps?
Why did WWII Pacific planes have "fat" noses, while European war planes have "thin" noses?
How many camps are there in RDC?
Why didn't the Americans mass produce the T34/T29 heavy tank during WW2?
What if Germany didn't declare war on the USSR during World War 2?
What actually happened to the Nazi & Japanese war criminals (both military & corporate) after WW2?
Why were WWII era planes often armored, while modern ones are not?
What was life like in Nice, France during World War II?
What if the US had gone along with Admiral Halsey's "Before we're through with them" quote?
What would happen if the Americans invade Japan in November 1945 as part of Operation Downfall?
How did Germany obtain enough resources to create an industrial military in WWII?
In WW2, bombing Europe was not as effective as predicted. Do you think that the Allied bomber crews were used as bait to neutralize the Luftwaffe?
Why didn't the US drop the two atomic bombs on key Japanese military bases, rather than civilian-populated cities?
Is it true that almost a hundred million Africans were killed by whites?
What would have happened to Islam had Hitler won WW2?
Is it true that power and money are the sources of the wars and conflicts which have been happening in this world?
How feared and well-respected were German soldiers during World War II?
How do German students feel when they are learning WW1 and WW2?
How did World War 2 end, and how did it impact the civilization?
What if the Germans created the Sherman tank in 1934?
What if America had declared war on the Axis in 1939, when the war started?
How was the relationship between Hui Chinese and Tibetans with the Japanese during WWII?
What are the most chaotic times in human history, excluding WWI, WWII, or The Cold War?
Did any SS members commit some acts of kindness during World War II?
Was the V2 a complete waste of time and money?
Who ended World War 2?
If there had been no WW2, what would be the economic and military strength of Japan and Germany today?
Did medicine advance because of the Second World War?
Would Adolf Hitler's style, the yelling, the hand gestures work in the English language today?
If you had been in the SS in WW2 what would you have done afterwards to make amends?
How did the early 21st century differ from the time period immediately after World War II?
How are German school children taught about WWII?
Wasn't Hitler a coward & traitor who left Germany in ruins?
How did Hitler economically rise to power?
If Rommel had not flooded the marshes of Normandy, how would it have affected the Allied invasion?
Why didn't Nazi Germany pursue the return of the former German colonies in the Far East with the help of Japan?
How did pilots during world wars shoot bullets through the propellers without hitting it?
If nuclear weapons were invented earlier, would World War 2 have ended earlier?
What did Italy do in WW2?
Why did WW2 happen?
Would an invasion of Britain have been inevitable had Operation Barbarossa been successful?
What are some examples of dark humour from the Second World War?
Why is the history of WW2 taught in vastly greater detail than WW1 in the American high school curriculum? Is this a global trend?
Who helped stop the Holocaust during WW2?
How is it that the Nazis convinced their soldiers to commit such atrocities?
Are discussions on Hitler, the Holocaust, and WWII taboo in Germany?
If Japan didn't use Kamikaze tactic, would Japan fall before atomic bombs were used by American?
How did the British, whose tank design during WWII was lacking, design and field the Centurion shortly thereafter?
In recordings of Fritz Saukel's testimony at Nuremberg, I hear children's voices. Why do we hear children at his trial and not at the other trials?
How did Norwegian Jews fare during Nazi occupation, because I don't think they could easily be transported by boat to death camps in Germany and Poland?
How has the concept of 'white privilege' changed in East Asia since the end of World War II?
What if Shakespeare met Adolf Hitler?
How does the world perceive about the Philippines' war on drugs?
What is the best book to read about George Marshall Jr, aka Gen. Marshall?
Is Hitler a pure blood German?
What do Holocaust revisionists believe? How many different versions of events are there?
Was Iceland bombed at all during WW2?
Why have all the world wars happened in Europe?
Has the Chinese Communist Party apologized to its citizens for the genocides and atrocities during and post WWII? Did the CCP support Japan during WWII?
Could the Nazis have won WWII if the US didn't get involved?
What are those small lines all over many mid and late war German tank armors?
Is there a good WWII tank documentary on PBS?
What sources are there for WW2 Europe weather info?
Do you think the average young man of today, between the ages of 17-25, would be able to storm the beaches of Normandy in WW2? If not, is discipline to blame?
Which was the best fighter of WW2?
Wasn't it a bit racist of Hitler to kill the Jews?
Did anyone survive the suicide charges of the Soviet Union and the Japanese during WW2?
What would have happened if Germany launched an attack to the West in WW2, but some of their armies getting lost moving and then they found themselves in battle of WW1?
Did the Allied leadership, especially in England and America, ever actually doubt their eventual victory in World War Two?
Can you explain Hitler's mindset?
How did World War II helped shape the national identify in the 20th century?
Why didn't the US drop nuclear bombs on USSR just after the ending of WWII?
Why does nobody admit that FDR was much like Hitler? Both had health issues, were tyrants in the 1930s, and imprisoned ethnic groups.
Who won World War II?
Why weren't the Axis forces more politically, economically, and militarily cooperative with one another during the Second World War?
If Soviet tanks were as good or better than German tanks, why were so many more Soviet soldiers killed in the Battle of Kursk than Germans?
Why was the bombing of Pearl Harbor a failure?
What was the US policy in the event of a German invasion of Great Britain in 1940?
How should the Tiger II be played in World of Tanks?
What would happen to the US if the USA’s current nationalistic state led to a WW3 defeat like Germany endured in WW2? Just curious to hear opinions.
What would have happened if Hitler had not failed at being an artist in Vienna?
General MacArthur was the most popular World War II general. Do you think President Harry Truman should have fired him? Why or why not?
Are all the people in WWII footage dead?
What shotguns were used during World War 2?
Why did so many people in the Second World War volunteer to risk their lives and join the army?
Could a WW2 air crew hear their bombs explode when they hit?
Could tethered blimps have thwarted the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor?
Did the Japanese engage in tank combat with American forces during WW2?
Who were the Allies during WW2?
What would the public reaction be if World War II started today?
What was life like in Vatican City during World War II?
Can you please recommend some "tactical" World War 2 memoirs?
How is the WW2 education in Spain?
How many pounds of explosives did Japan drop on Pearl Harbor?
Why has nobody, since the Mongols, succesfully invaded Russia?
Who was the better general and why, MacArthur or Patton?
Did Britain invade and occupy neutral Iceland in the Second World War?
About how many people in the USA had both mother and father in the US Armed Forces during World War II?
Why did England require a loan from the US during WWII despite having so many colonies (more resources) while the US had none?
What was Adolf Hitler's attitude towards Islam and Muslims?
What were some of Australia's toughest WWII battles on its own soil apart from Darwin and Sydney?
How much looting did the Allies take during World War II?
Can someone make a legitimate argument, refuting the Holocaust happened?
If the US never went into the war against the Axis powers, and the Axis won, how would life be different today?
How would I be treated in Hitler's Germany as someone who is of slavic and oriental descent?
Why was Hitler attacking the Soviet Union a big mistake?
Is it possible for a bomber in WW2 to have the 8.8 cm Flak mounted on-board as defence or for taking out ground targets?
What are the causes of WW2 by Germany?
Did the Allies know that the Japanese had a major base at Truk Lagoon in WW2, or was it discovered by accident?
What would happen if none of the World Wars ever happened?
Could the Panzer III and IV have been upgraded more effectively during WW2? Could they have been upgraded to the point of competing against the Ally late tanks?
What did Japanese Americans feared after the bombing?
What was the most dangerous/likely threat to tanks in WW2, infantry antitank weaponry or other tanks?
During World War II, if the Brits knew the Japanese were coming from Malaysia on bicycles, how many troops would they have to shoot to stop the invasion?
What did the Berlin embassies of neutral nations such as Sweden and Switzerland do during the last days of Nazi Germany? Did they flee or stay?
What are some examples of Canadian propaganda used during World War 2?
Would it be correct to rename the Volyn massacre, the Polish-Ukrainian massacre? There were bilateral ethnic cleansings with thousands of victims from each side.
Did the Germans like Adolf Hitler?
What was Oskar Schindler’s plan if Germany won the war?
What would have happened if Little Boy hadn't gone off and safely floated down onto Hiroshima?
Is there any way to tell what year a WW2 K98k front hood sight was made?
Should the British defenders of Singapore have turned guerilla rather than surrendering to the Japanese?
How is the US-Japan relationship now? How was it a decade before WWII?
What is the life of common citizens like during warfares?
What if Japan joined the allies in the WW2 and Soviet joined the axis?
What would have happened if the totalitarian states won the WW2?
Did the British-French talks of 1912 (Henry Wilson) force the British into the 1st World War?
Do the German people nowadays forgive the Allies and the USSR for the way they treated them?
What happend to American soldiers who continued to fraternise Germans and Japanese after the war?
How was Hitler's flag created?
Were Russian guns better in WW2?
If another world war breaks out, how quickly would the UK, FR, DE, and RU reach the same output they had at the peak of WW2? Who will get there first?
What is the history behind Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp?
What is the story of Queen Kubernaaga, the wife of Chandragupta II Vikramaditya?
What were some of the most famous female soldiers and units who fought in world war 2?
How did the average Soviet soldier in WW2 feel about the Germans they were fighting?
How did German soldiers manage to eat, sleep & answer nature’s call during the Battle of Berlin?
How close was the USSR to falling during WW2?
How do you explain the reasons for Germany starting both world wars?
What would you do if you time-traveled back in WW2 and you took over the place of Hitler (and ruled Germany at that time)?
Did the 1940 invasion of Norway cause significant damage to Nazi sea power?
How could you change the events of the attack of Pearl Harbor?
What would have happened if Britain had allied with the Germans in WWII?
How could the Axis alliance have prevented the Dunkirk evacuation?
What were German students taught about their history 20 years after Germany's defeat in WWII?
What would be the course of events had the Allies invaded Balkans in 1943 or 44 leaving (North) France invasion a supportive measure?
What if Italy and Russia turned on Nazi Germany in WWII?
What were the reactions of American-Jewish soldiers when they saw their relatives in concentration camps in Germany after WW2?
What do you think is causing the increase in atheists today? Did major catastrophic events, such as WW2, cause a sharp drop-off in religious people?
How were shell cases recycled in WW II, and was it the standard?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
Who would win: a modern carrier strike group or every WW2 ship?
What do you think was the best tank of WW2?
Why did the Allies not just continue to invade through Italy instead of Normandy?
What would FDR think of all the war profiteering in the US with the giant defense contractors like Lockheed, how did he prevent it in WW2?
Would Hitler have killed himself if he had been a Jew?
If you could name only one country that defeated fascism in the Second World War, which country would you name?
What was the pay scale for American, British, German, and Russian soldiers in WW2?
If the Soviet Union capitulated with the Nazis, would Germany have won the war?
Can you compare China's expansionist outreach to Nazi Germany?
Did tank crews in WWII wear helmets inside their tanks? I've noticed in videos that the crews of Abrams tanks wear helmets in action.
If you went back in time to 1935 and gave the Nazi army an Ar-15 and 30 rounds to design the gun around how would the war turn out?
If Hitler was such an intelligent person, then how come he made silly mistakes during World War 2? Why did he not learn from the mistakes made by Napoleon?
If you saw an innocent baby Hitler, would you kill him?
Are there any US aircraft numbers still missing from WWII?
What happened in the African front of WW2?
What is the secret behind the Hitler's death?
What was the worst (deadliest) year of the World War 2?
What is the worst aircraft that was put into service in WW2?
Why did France lose to Germany in WW2?
Was the invasion of Normandy done to stop the Russians from capturing Western Europe?
What if Adolf Hitler continued the war?
When does Germany have a change leadership?
What happened to the captured German weapons (tanks, aircraft, weapons) after World War II?
Did average Germans have a false superiority complex during the Nazi times? Has it been corrected by their education system?
How long could a modern battleship last against WWII era battleships, fighting them one at a time?
What is the documented justification for not lowering the official 6 million Holocaust loss figure ?
What percentage of German men were killed during WW2?
Which contributed more to Imperial Japan's demise in WWII, the British Raj or Australia?
What if the 1956 Hungarian Uprising had defeated the Soviet invasion?
If the battles of World War 2 had been "fought" through games of chess, who would have won the war?
What were the differences of German and Japanese during the WW2?
Did Central and South American countries take part in WW2?
How would Hitler's flak towers stand up to modern artillery and bombing?
Could Germany have defeated the Allies at D-Day if their beach fortifications included a coast-line full of quicksand?
Could Hitler have been reincarnated as the Jews he had killed as a karmic punishment for his acts?
During World War 2, what was the most odd weapon design ever?
Why have the German WWII E-boats been almost forgotten about, as compared to the U-boats?
Will it take another World War for tax rates on the wealthy to return to the levels they were when the middle class thrived in America (1945-1981)?
Three Sachsen-class frigates of the German Navy in service in the Baltic Sea are transported back in time to May 1942. What would the crew do?
Was Hitler right to invade Russia in 1941?
What if the Germans had created an atom bomb before the Americans during the Second World War?
With such extensive sea lines, why didn’t Japan follow the example of British Empire and totally neglected the building of convoy escorts during WWII?
What are examples of countries backstabbing their allies during war?
What German division/s fought it out in Arnhem in 1944 against the Allies and later in Yugoslavia against the Partisans in 1945?
Why did Germany allow the British expeditionary force to escape from France at Dunkirk in May 1940?
What was Cuba's role in World War 2?
What was the lesson of WW II?
What if Germany had stayed a collection of separate states instead of unifying in 1871?
Does the US need a detrumpification process like Germany after WWII?
If the Americans had mass-produced the T25 tank in WWII, would it have made a great difference?
Did people try to escape the Soviet Union on boats after World War 2?
If America has the largest military in the world, how come it hasn't won a single major conflict since WW2?
What was the deadliest day in World War 2?
What type of gas was used by the Nazi in the holocaust chambers?
How many Russian veterans who fought the Nazis are still alive in 2017, and how can you find and contact them?
Are there any accounts from troops stationed on the Falkland islands during WW2, and did the MOD's psychiatrists stay no more than 6 months?
What was your favorite WW2 game?
Would Hitler have not committed suicide if the U.S invaded Berlin instead of the Soviets?
Why did Hitler say the Third Reich would last 1,000 years instead of forever?
Why didn't the British hide troops on the Malay peninsula and then attack the Japanese from the rear as they approached Singapore?
What was President Hindenburg's opinion of Chancellor Hitler?
How would World War II have been different if Gibraltar had been under Spanish control?
If Nazi Germany won WW2 would there be an apology for the holocaust?
Why were the German U-boats so popular?
Why was Germany so ahead of Allied nations in terms of technology during WW2?
What was the scariest thing to happen in the wars?
Did the US had the toughest tasks compared to the other allies on D-day?
Why does Antifa keep calling people Nazis? Wasn't Hitler a socialist?
What was life like in San Marino during World War Two?
What were the social changes after World War 2?
What was it like to work for the Red Cross in Nazi-occupied Europe during World War II?
What role did the Soviet fleet play in WWII?
How did WW2 affect south Asia?
What Indian Army units, particularly artillery, took part in the North African and Italian campaigns in WWII?
What would happen if Mussolini had joined the Allies?
How effective were Pantherturms in World War 2?
What were the effects of World War II on the American society?
Should the British Army have fortified and concentrated their forces in Singapore rather than trying to defend Malaysia against the Japanese invasion?
Will increasing nationalism ruin the progress civilisation has made since the world wars?
Why is European Russia indefensible militarily?
Were men in gulags asked to volunteer for the Red Army? (WW2)
Was a WWII victory in favor of the Allies, considering they outnumbered the Axis powers?
What if Germany from 1939 was sent into 2017 shortly after the order was given to invade Poland?
When was the Scorched Earth Policy implemented in Russia?
What was the level of cooperation between Nazi Germany and Portugal during World War Two?
Where do you hide a cyanide capsule in your mouth?
Did the Nazis believe that America and Britain would fall out with the Soviets and that they could make a separate peace with the Western Allies?
What are the losses of the Allied and Axis Powers?
What is the truth about the US occupation of Korea after World War Two?
Why didn't the Allies of World War 2 divide the Axis countries and permanently disband their armed forces?
Where did all the money to finance America's participation in the Second World War come from?
If the US were to enter a wartime economy, would it be as great as it was in WWII?
If someone made an oratorio about World War II, would it be interesting?
Are there statistics available for Panzer Crew casualties for the Germans during Operation Barbarossa & Operation Taifun?
Which public companies in the aerospace, defense, and intelligence sectors made the biggest revenues during WWII? Who were their trading partners?
During WWII, which Allied generals were the most respected by the German Army generals?
Why were the Nazis so hated? Didn't the British Empire destroy much more than the Nazis?
What happened to the tattooed Japanese in WWII who the army viewed as noncomformists and a potential source of trouble and so did not conscript?
Is the World War II battle footage usually real or a reenactment?
Assuming sufficient Allied patience, would a US naval blockade of the Japanese home islands have eventually led to a Japanese surrender?
How good was the WWII Luftwaffe before being seriously weakened?
Is it possible for the German V3 supergun design to be repurposed as a payload launching space gun?
Are the Poles still upset at the British and French betrayal in 1939 and 1945? (Germany/USSR invaded in 1939 and Poland fell under USSR rule in 1945.)
What were the impacts that WW2 had on the world's citizens, short - and long - term, positive and negative?
Could the Allies have defeated Nazi Germany if they had cut of Germany's oil supplies from Romania in 1942?
What if Sauron and the forces of Mordor joined the World War 2?
Are there any conventions on the themes of WW1 or WW2?
Why did Thailand side with the Axis powers, and did they suffer any postwar crisis like Germany and Japan?
Was the British attack on Mers-el-Kébir justifiable?
What 9mm handgun would you arm your military with in World War 2?
In WWII, did the Germans keep the Soviet kolkhozes and state factories during their occupation of Ukraine and Western Russia?
Who attended St. Mary's Catholic School in Walthamstow, after WWII?
Apart from German and English language movies, which are the best movies to watch on World War 2?
If Hitler was hugged more often as a child, could history have turned out differently?
Did the Germans ever consider mounting a 88mm flak in an airplane?
Will the Nazi lose when Hilter died?
How strong is the Japanese Army?
Why did the German army chose to use the MG3? It seems like using a carbon copy of Hitler's buzzsaw is a tad bit distasteful.
What was the evolution of the official numbers of the Holocaust since 1945 until now?
If World War III broke out, would post-World War II Allied restrictions on the Wehrmacht be removed?
What are the main facts and events of Hitler's childhood? (Read the description.)
Why didn't the German military topple Hitler right after the death of President Field Marshall von Hindenburg?
What was the state of Europe and Asia before World War 2?
Which are the best PC games based on WW2?
If Nazi Germany had never risen, would the USSR and the USA have eventually clashed, vying for world dominance?
If the Axis powers won in WW2, how would they have treated the Allied countries that would have surrendered (Australia, Britain, America, New Zealand, etc.)?
If today’s modern USA navy went back to WW 2, how fast would the USA have won the war?
Did Nazis enjoy killing?
What would have happened if the allies had captured the entirety of Nazi Germany in 1945?
Can civilian deaths be justified during World War II?
How long the world war 2 had continued (in Europe) if allied troops started operation overlord in early 1943?
Was Napalm used in World War 2?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between WWII Chinese nationalist forces and WWII Ethiopian forces?
Why is Russia often disregarded in the West as the nation that truly ended World War 2?
Why did the Germans make an alliance with Italy during WW2, if they knew at the time the Italian army was terrible?
When did the allies discover to the fullest extent the nature of the concentration camps?
What did the Germans think when they saw US tanks swimming ashore during D-day?
Was Erwin Rommel the greatest battalion commander ever? How would he be rated today?
How did the fascists come to power?
If Europe was destroyed today to the same extent as after WW2, how would the power vacuum play out?
How would World War 2 have played out if it took place with the geopolitical context of, and with the technology of, 2017?
Why were American black soldiers from WW2 so mistreated after their return?
What does a military plan look like?
I want to learn about World War II, which books should I read?
How did African Americans help in World War I?
What if, instead of invading Poland, the USSR attempted to help Poland fight Germany?
Did the U.S. infantry wear hats under their helmets throughout World War II and the Vietnam War?
Why did Germany enter WW2?
How effective was the Australian Army in both World Wars? Were we ill equipped?
As a German citizen, do you feel like you have to walk on eggshells because of WWII?
What is the purpose of detonating an atomic bomb? Why do those militaries make atomic bombs?
During World War I, did the French Foreign Legion fight only the Germans?
Russia and America fought WW2 together. They had a good relationship. What happened then?
Why don't the Japanese admit their war crimes to other Asian nations?
Was the Holocaust profitable for Nazi Germany?
What position/job does Hitler have in WW2?
What happens with Germans soldiers in Jersey and Guernsey when D-Day is coming?
What are some important facts of World War 2 evacuees?
Who are the soldiers that saved the most people in WW2?
Was the forced labour of German civilians after WWII, ethical?
How might the war have played out differently if Germany utilised their Jews for military purposes instead of slaughtering them during World War 2?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
If Adolf Hitler had the technology we have today, would he have won the Second World War?
What did WW2 German snipers wear?
During WWII, who had the better pilots, the Finns or the Poles?
How do Stalin and Hitler compare as war leaders? Who was better?
How come the depression after WWII isn't as infamous as the depression after WWI?
What would have happened if the second atomic bomb in Second World War hadn't exploded?
If a completely secular Jew never told anyone he was Jewish, would the Nazis have known to arrest him?
Why did so many Soviet soldiers die in WWII?
Despite the obvious objections of all Jews everywhere, what other locations were seriously considered to establish the Jewish State?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
How did France get nuclear technology after WW2 when they were an overrun, recaptured country with a ruined economy?
What if the Allies had unilaterally invaded Portugal and/or Spain during WWII based on their ideological and trade relationships with the Axis?
Why did Germany invade Poland, which led Britain and France to declare war on Hitler’s Nazi state in retaliation?
Could the Axis have won if Japan had never bombed Pearl Harbor and the Germans never broke their pact with Russia?
What was Adolf Hitler’s favorite book?
What were the religious views of the Nazis?
In three different scenarios, could the USA, UK, and Soviet Union have individually defeated the Axis powers in WW2 without the intervention of the other allies?
Since WWII, how much and how often have US and UK foreign policy differed?
Why did the Italian Army perform so poorly in North Africa during WW2? Were they able to make any real contribution to the Axis war efforts?
If Stalin was supplying the Germans during WWII, why did the Germans attack Soviet Union to obtain supplies?
What was the name of the Axis response to the Allied "Operation Market Garden"?
How many WW2 souvenirs did the US Army bring home from Germany and Japan?
How did a German soldier end up in the SS-Totenkopfverbände?
What was worse: life in Nazi Germany or life in the medieval times?
Would Russia be the third most populated country in the world if a lot of people hadn't died in WW2, and at the hands of Stalin?
How would the world play out today if Japan nuked Pearl Harbor?
Did Nagasaki and Hiroshima have a nuclear winter after the bombs?
What if Poland had modern day US weapons during WWII?
How would WWII have been different if the US had B-36s?
Is the Mother of All Bombs similar to those developed by Barnes Wallace to bomb Nazi Germany's dams and submarine bunkers?
Why is Hitler made to look worse than Stalin, who brought the world to the brink of nuclear destruction? Was it to justify the prior Western Alliance with Stalin, which enable him in the first place?
What are some important facts about France during WW2?
Under Maritime Law, could German submarines legally torpedo US merchant ships carrying supplies to Britain prior to Hitler’s declaration of war?
Why did people oppose Hitler idea of world conquest?
What did German crews think of the Jagdpanther?
How would you upgrade a WWII tank to be effective as possible on the modern battlefield?
What is a summary (short or long) of WW2 tanks?
What's more terrifying than having to pick up and defuse land mines in WW2?
How much more superior was American industry to Japanese before and during WW2?
How do ordinary Germans feel about the once German cities which are now outside of Germany?
Did Hitler have any supernatural powers that saved him every time he was close to death?
What would happen if Argentina entered WW2 in 1942 and attacked everyone, and then defeated the UK, Germany, USSR, USA, etc.?
Would it be appropriate to name a company after a WWII medal of honor recipient?
Were the British generals more cautious about risking the lives of their soldiers than the American generals were in World War II?
Why did the world wars happen?
How ready were the British for a German invasion in September 1940?
Who had the highest number of aircraft in WW2?
Was Springtime for Hitler an actual play?
Did Winston Churchill believe that the Cold War was for the good of humanity?
Did the Korean conscripts for the Japanese military in WW2 surrender more often than their Japanese counterparts?
If Germany had won WW2 and beaten the USA, would the Nazis have discovered brutal experiments by the Americans?
If the Dunkirk evacuation never happened, could D-Day have happened or not?
Could the League of Nations stop Hitler?
If the USSR's military weaknesses were not exposed during the Winter War, would Hitler have postponed his planned attack on the USSR?
How did the Allies and Axis view the Americans in WWII?
How could a Soviet POW become a "Hiwi" in WW2?
